Leela: This place was a great choice. The food is amazing. And such generous portions.
Doug: You like the meal just wait until you try these after-dinner mints.
Leela: You know, Doug, most guys are put off by my eye. It's nice to finally meet someone who's open-minded. Ew!
Fry: What was wrong with your date last night?
Leela: I don't know. Something I couldn't quite put my finger on. Possibly his vile lizard tongue.
Amy: You're too picky.
Fry: Yeah. If you rule out every guy with a lizard tongue or a low I.Q. or an explosive violent temper, of course you're gonna be lonely.
Leela: There's nothing wrong with having high standards. Now can we please stop--
Zoidberg: The female Leela's problem is purely medical. Soon she will drop her eggs and they will hatch and all will be well.
Amy: You just have to give guys a chance. Sometimes you meet a guy and think he's a pig, but then later you realise he actually has a really good body.
Leela: Thank you all for the inspiring advice, but I'm perfectly happy with my life the way it is.
Bender: That sounds like a cry for help.
Amy: Let's all take her out tonight. There's lots of great places to meet people.
Hermes: The Federal Sex Bureau.
Bender: A saucy puppet show.
Zoidberg: The rotting carcass of a whale.
Amy: Hmm, I'll pick!
Amy: Oh, wow! It's totally retro!
Fry: Why's everyone wearing those rings?
Amy: Guh! Because nobody wears them anymore! Rings are stupid!
Fry: I think they look cool.
Amy: Sh! Don't let anyone hear you say that!
Man: Hey, did that guy just say rings are cool?
Amy: Nope, he said they're stupid.
Man: Cool!
Amy: So what do you think of that guy by the bar?
Leela: I don't know. Maybe?
Bender: Forget it, he's gay.
Leela: What? How can you tell?
Bender: I just know these things. I've got what they call gaydar.
Leela: There's no such thing.
Bender: No? OK, I got a lock on him. Yep! He's gay!
Amy: Are you sure?
Bender: Definitely. Unless I'm getting interference from a gay weather balloon.
21st-century girl: You're from the 20th century? That's incredible! I'm from the 21st century.
Fry: No way! We've got so much in common.
21st-century girl: We sure do. Remember when those cyborgs enslaved humanity?
Fry: Uh, yeah! That rings a bell.
Amy: This is Bolt Rolands. Bolt is a hyper-sled racer with 10 wins on the pro-circuit.
Bolt: Hello, beautiful!
Bender: I think she means 10 wins on the gay circuit.
Bolt: I wish! Those cats can really fly.
Amy: This is M5438, an entity of pure energy.
Leela: That's great, really, but he's just not what I'm looking for.
M-5438: I understand. One day you will evolve beyond your physical body, and on that day I hope you will pick up the phone.
Amy: You're impossible.
Bender: Just as well; I think he comes from a dimension that's big on musical theatre.
Fry: Pst. I need the apartment tonight. Go see a saucy puppet show.
Bender: Can do!
The Hip Joint janitor: My, my, my! What's a beautiful lady like you Oh, my! Eurgh! I'm sorry, I thought you had two eyes.
Bender: So, Leela, you must have had your pick of the litter last night at closing time.
Leela: Could you guys please stop talking about my personal life?
Farnsworth: Yes, let's all talk about Leela's personal life later. But right now we have business to attend to.
Fry: A delivery?
Farnsworth: No. A tax-deductible mission of charity.
Computer Voice: This is Vergon 6.
Farnsworth: This is Vergon 6.
Amy: Buh!
Farnsworth: It's a sunny little doomed planet, inhabited by a number of frisky little doomed animals.
Leela: Animals?
Farnsworth: That's right. Animals in desperate need of rescue. You see, Vergon 6 was once filled with a super-dense substance known as dark matter, each pound of which weighs over ten thousand pounds.
Leela: Wait! What about the animals?
Farnsworth: Well, dark matter is extremely valuable as starship fuel. That's why it was all mined out, leaving the planet completely hollow.
Leela: Yes, but what about the animals?
Farnsworth: The wha?
Leela: The animals.
Farnsworth: I didn't say anything about animals. Now it seems that the planet will collapse within three days. Incidentally, this will kill all the animals.
Leela: So we have to bring back two of each kind. Just like Noah's Ark.
Bender: Why two? Oh!
Fry: I bet you Leela's holding out for a nice guy with one eye.
Bender: That'll take forever. What she oughta do is find a nice guy with two eyes, then poke one out.
Fry: Yeah, that'd be a timesaver.
Leela: Do you mind?
Bender: Here you go. You can use this as an eye-poker.
Leela: Thank you. But I don't care how many eyes a man has ... as long as it's less than five. All I'm looking for is a guy who's adventurous, self-confident...
Leela: ...maybe a snappy dresser.
Zapp: These new uniforms are pretty snappy, eh, first officer?
Kif: I suppose, Captain. I'm not as big a fan of velour as you are. Now what do you want to do about that unidentified ship?
Zapp: Destroy them! Mmm! That's got a nice feel to it.
Zapp: Captain's journal: Star date, 3000.3.
Kif: Who are you talking to, sir?
Zapp: You! Aren't you getting this? We have detected a vessel attempting to break the security cordon around Vergon 6. I'm anticipating an all-out tactical dogfight, followed by a light dinner ... ravioli, ham, sundae bar.
Leela: Hey, look! That's Zapp Brannigan's ship.
Fry: Wow! The Zapp Brannigan?
Leela: Uh-huh!
Fry: Who's the Zapp Brannigan?
Kif: Shall I fire on them now, sir?
Zapp: Not yet, Kif. In the game of chess, you can never let your adversary see your pieces. What?
Leela: They say Zapp Brannigan single-handedly saved the Octillian System from a horde of rampaging Killbots.
Fry: Wow!
Bender: A grim day for robot-kind. Ah, but we can always build more Killbots!
Leela: He's the most decorated captain in the whole Democratic Order of Planets.
Fry: Leela's got a boyfriend!
Leela: No I don't. But I think we ought to meet with him and see if he'll help us rescue those animals.
Bender: Well, just in case you guys hit it off, you'll wanna take this with you.
Kif: Sir, they're headed straight for us.
Zapp: A well-calculated move straight out of Sun Tzu's classic text The Art Of War, or my own masterwork: Zapp Brannigan's Big Book of War. But the one thing their captain doesn't realise and never will is that--
Kif: Sir, they've docked with us and have come aboard.
Zapp: Then I have risked all and lost. Kif, old man, I'll be in the escape pod. If that wicker chair I like survives the slaughter, have it sent to my P.O. box.
Leela: Hello, I'm Leela, captain of the Planet Express delivery ship. We've come aboard to plead for your assistance.
Kif: Well, if there's anything--
Zapp: I'm in command here. Zapp Brannigan. Has my fame preceded me or was I too quick for you?
Leela: Oh, not at all. I'm just so, uh, really thrilled to meet you!
Zapp: You're an impressive piece of captain. Beautiful and deadly -- a potent combination.
Leela: You don't mean that!
Zapp: But I do. I doubt I've seen more than three or four captains sexier than you, and only one who was deadlier.
Fry: I heard that one time you single-handedly defeated a horde of rampaging somethings in the something-something-system.
Zapp: The Killbots? A trifle! It was simply a matter of outsmarting them.
Fry: Wow! I never would have thought of that!
Zapp: You see, Killbots have a preset kill limit. Knowing their weakness, I sent wave after wave of my own men at them, until they reached their limit and shutdown. Kif, show them the medal I won.
Zapp: More, please. A little more ... more ... keep going.
Leela: Captain Brannigan, we really need to talk to you about our mission.
Zapp: Whatever it is, I'm willing to put wave after wave of men at your disposal. Right, men?
Crewman: You suck!
Leela: We're hoping to save the animals of Vergon 6 from extinction. And if you could just--
Zapp: Vergon 6? This light dinner is over.
Leela: Wait! What's wrong?
Zapp: The Democratic Order of Planets prohibits interfering with undeveloped worlds. It's a little rule known as "Brannigan's Law".
Leela: But people already interfered. That planet was mined completely hollow.
Zapp: Yes, by a Democratic Order of Planets mining crew.
Leela: This doesn't make any sense.
Zapp: I don't pretend to understand Brannigan's Law. I merely enforce it.
Leela: Fine! We'll save the animals without your help.
Zapp: I'm afraid I can't allow that. Guards!
Fry: What just happened?
Bender: He's throwing us in prison.
Fry: Dang! Can I get this wrapped up?
Leela: Ow! I might've liked Zapp Brannigan if he weren't a pompous dimwit who threw me in prison.
Bender: You really are too picky.
Zapp: Kif, follow me up to the observation deck. I've got some musing to do.
Kif: Oh, jeez!
Zapp: I'm facing a formidable female adversary, Kif. Suggestions?
Kif: I fail to see any problem, sir. You already imprisoned her under directive B-10.8-1.
Zapp: You mean Brannigan's Law?
Kif: Right, that law.
Zapp: Which one?
Kif: Brannigan's Law.
Zapp: Kif, you're my best and most loyal friend but you've earned my contempt once again. As my protg you should know that the only way to deal with a female adversary is to seduce her. This time we are sure she's a woman, right?
Kif: Yes.
Zapp: Good! Invite her to my quarters. Oh, and have the boy lay out my formal shorts.
Kif: "The boy", sir?
Zapp: You. You lay out my formal shorts.
Kif: The jackass wants to see you in his quarters.
Leela: Good. This will be my chance to reason with him, captain to captain.
Kif: And he wants you to wear this.
Zapp: [sexilly; from inside] Come and get it!
Zapp: Welcome to my humble chamber, or as I call it, "the Lovenasium". Sham-pag-in?
Leela: I didn't realise you were such a coin-a-sewer.
Zapp: Well I have studied abroad. Or two!
Leela: Captain--
Zapp: Uh-huh?
Leela: If we could speak seriously for a moment--
Zapp: Uh-huh?
Leela: I'd like you to reconsider letting us rescue those animals.
Zapp: Mm-hm. I like your style. I find it very... erotic.
Leela: What?
Zapp: Erotic!
Fry: We can definitely escape, Bender. All you have to do is bend the hatch off this steam pipe.
Bender: Hey, yeah!
Fry: No good! It's full of steam!
Zapp: You look like a woman who enjoys the finer things. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread.
Leela: I'm not really in the mood.
Zapp: Leela, it's real velour. Just let yourself go.
Leela: Can I please just go back to prison?
Zapp: You'd rather sit in prison than spend one evening with the Zapper?
Leela: Much rather! What are you doing?
Zapp: Oh, God, I'm pathetic. Sorry. Just go. You want the rest of the sham-pag-in?
Leela: No. And it's pronounced "sham-pane".
Zapp: Oh, God, no!
Leela: It's not a big deal.
Zapp: I get so lonely. I just thought you, a fellow captain, would understand.
Leela: Oh, forget it.
Zapp: Yeah, it's great ordering people around and stuff but through it all you're completely alone.
Leela: It comes with the job.
Zapp: I'm just so lonely!
Leela: Oh, come on. Cheer up. It's not that bad.
Fry: You wanna try escaping again?
Bender: Nah, I'm comfy.
Fry: Man, Leela's been gone a long time. I hope she's at least making progress with Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp: Good morning, lover.
Leela: Uh, listen, Zapp.
Zapp: Now you're officially my woman. Kudos! I can't say I don't envy you.
Leela: Zapp, last night was a mistake.
Zapp: A sexy mistake.
Leela: No, just a regular mistake. For a split second my common sense was overwhelmed by pity.
Zapp: A split second is all it takes. That's why sooner or later you'll come crawling back to the Zapper.
Leela: The only kind of crawling I'm doing to you is away ... from!
Zapp: Leela, you're obviously confused and aroused.
Leela: Look, I'm going down to Vergon 6 to save those animals whether you like it or not.
Zapp: Go ahead. I won't stop you.
Leela: Threaten all you-- Wait. What?
Zapp: We both know you won't make it halfway to Vergon 6 before the craving sets in. Then you'll come crawling back for another taste of sweet, sweet candy ... bam!
Leela: Eurgh!
Zapp: Kif!
Kif: Yes-- Yes, Captain?
Zapp: I have made it with a woman. Inform the men.
Kif: The fatso says you're free to go.
Fry: Really? Why?
Kif: "Why" indeed.
Fry: What does that mean?
Leela: Nothing.
Bender: So should we get our stuff and head down to the planet?
Leela: We just talked, OK?!
Leela: Alright, we don't have much time to collect these animals. The planet is supposed to collapse in approximately two hours ago.
Leela: Hello, there. Hmm. He doesn't seem to be on the checklist.
Bender: So, you're saying we can cook him?
Fry: Yeah, a barbecue! I'll wear my hilarious apron.
Leela: No! I don't care how hilarious your apron is, we're not cooking him. Aww! I'll call him Nibbler.
Bender: Aww! I'll fire up the grill!
Leela: I hope he'll be OK in there with all those big animals.
Zapp: Y'know, Kif, once my woman returns I won't have much time to hang out with the boys anymore.
Kif: That's a shame, sir.
Zapp: So let's make the most of our time together, shall we? Never mind. Just give me a back rub.
Bender: I found a pair of hermaphlamingos.
Leela: Good. That's the last species.
Bender: Hey. What the--?
Fry: Where'd they all go?
Leela: Nibbler!
Fry: I can't believe we flew halfway across the galaxy and enjoyed a steam just to get lunch for that stupid animal!
Bender: He's pending for a bending.
Leela: Leave him alone. It's not his fault that he's an unstoppable killing machine. Is it, snoogums?
Fry: The planet's kerploding!
Leela: Prepare for lift-off. We're out of fuel. Bender, I told you to fill the tank before we left.
Bender: Yeah, I'll do it when we get back.
Fry: Man, lucky for us Zapp Brannigan's nearby.
Leela: No way! Forget it! I refuse to go crawling back to him!
Fry: What? What are you talking about?
Leela: Nothing. We just talked.
Bender: So what's your problem? It's not like you slept with him. Oh, my God!
Fry: How could you, Leela? I thought you had some standards. I mean, jeez, he's a dumb, gross gorilla!
Leela: That's enough! Don't you think I feel bad enough already?
Fry: No!
Leela: Alright, alright. I'll call him. I mean, if living is that important to you.
Zapp: And that's why you'll never make captain, Kif. ["Incoming Message" repeatedly flashes on the viewscreen.] Hmm.
Leela: Hello, Zapp?
Zapp: Well, well, well!
Leela: Zapp, we're out of fuel...
Leela: ...and Vergon 6 is about to implode. We need your help.
Zapp: So, crawling back to the Big Z like a bird on its belly. Delicious.
Leela: Bird's don't crawl.
Zapp: They've been known to.
Leela: Look, are you going to rescue us or not?
Zapp: Can't you ask a little more ... sexfully?
Leela: Please?
Leela: [sexfully; on screen] Big Z?
Zapp: Certainly. But first you'll have to get rid of that thing. That's the law, Leela. And Brannigan's Law is like Brannigan's love: Hard and fast!
Zapp: Now put that greasy rat outside and we'll tow you to safety.
Leela: I would never abandon a helpless animal. Y'know, Zapp, once I thought you were a big, pompous buffoon. Then I realised that inside you were just a pitiful child. But now I realise that outside that child is a big, pompous buffoon!
Zapp: And which one rocked your world?
Fry: Wow! Way to tell that guy off. Now what's your secret escape plan?
Leela: Uh, I guess to sit here and wait for death.
Bender: Can do!
Bender: What the hell was that?
Fry: Pew!
Leela: I don't believe it! It's dark matter.
Bender: So this guy just unloaded a steaming pile of starship fuel?
Leela: His species must've filled the entire planet with it. Did you do that, you cute little-- Come on. That should be more than enough fuel to get us outta here. Bender, pick it up and put it in the engine.
Leela: We made it! And some of the animals survived.
Bender: So a couple of animals didn't die and Leela got lucky. That's what I call a successful mission!
Fry: We're heroes!
Leela: Dear Captain's Diary: I may not have found love on this mission but I did find a cute little companion who excretes starship fuel. And that's just as good.
Zapp: Captain's journal: Star date ... uh.
Kif: April 13th.
Zapp: April 13th ... point two.
Zapp: We have failed to uphold Brannigan's Law. However, I did make it with a hot alien babe. And in the end is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars? Kif, I'm asking you a question!