Fry: I can't take it anymore! They've been at it for hours! Give it a rest, you two!
Robot: Sorry!
Teacher: Good morning, class. I trust you've all prepared for today's final exam.
Fry: Uh, excuse me? I missed a few lectures. Uh, what subject is this?
Teacher: Ancient Egyptian algebra.
Fry: What a nightmare!
Teacher: Mister Fry, are those your underpants? Young man, I think it's time you learned a lesson about Lightspeed brand briefs.
Announcer: Lightspeed fits today's active lifestyle. Whether you're on the job ... ... or having fun. Lightspeed briefs, style and comfort for the discriminating crotch.
Fry: What a weird dream! I'll never get back to sleep.
Fry: So you're telling me they broadcast commercials into people's dreams?
Leela: Of course.
Fry: But, how is that possible?
Farnsworth: It's very simple. The ad gets into your brain just like this liquid gets into this egg. Although, in reality, it's not liquid, but gamma radiation.
Fry: That's awful. It's like brainwashing.
Leela: Didn't you have ads in the 20th century?
Fry: Well, sure, but not in our dreams. Only on TV and radio. And in magazines and movies and at ball games, on buses and milk cartons and T-shirts and bananas and written on the sky. But not in dreams. No, sir-ee!
Bender: Quit squawking, flesh wad. Nobody's forcing you to buy anything.
Amy: Yeah. I mean we all have commercials in our dreams but you don't see us running off to buy brand-name merchandise at low, low prices.
Perfume saleswoman: Hi! Care to sample the latest fragrance from Calvin Clone?
Amy: No thanks.
Perfume saleswoman: And you, sir?
Bender: No thanks. I--
Cosmetologist: What a lovely face. We just need to draw attention away from the eye area.
Fry: Cool. Can I try these on before I buy them?
Salesman: I'm afraid I can't let you open the package. But you can try on the demo pair.
Fry: Ooh! Ho, ho, ho!
Amy: Hey, Bender! Great new sweater.
Bender: New? What sweater? I came in with it. I don't know you people!
Salesman: $30, please.
Fry: $30? I can't afford that. Unless... Do you take Visa?
Salesman: Visa hasn't existed for 500 years.
Fry: American Express?
Salesman: 600 years.
Fry: Discover card?
Salesman: Sorry we don't take Discover.
Amy: Hey! You're springing for Lightspeed? Pretty ritzy!
Fry: No, I can't afford them. Being poor sucks. What kind of world is this where they advertise things not everybody can afford?
Amy: Quiet. There's an ad coming on.
Mom: Hello, shoppers. It's me, Mom!
Fry: Hey who's the rocker jockey?
Amy: Guh! It's Mom. The world's most huggable industrialist.
Mom: Call me old-fashioned, but when my robot starts to squeak like an old screen door, well, that's when I reach for a can of Mom's Old Fashioned Robot Oil.
Bender: Mmm, tasty!
Mom: And remember: Mom's oil is made with 10% more love than the next leading brand!
Announcer: [voice-over; on screen] "Mom", "love" and "screen door" are registered trademarks of Momcorp.
Fry: Hey, Bender. Sounds like you could use a little of that oil.
Bender: I'm boned.
Smitty: Freeze, scuzzbot!
Bender: Uh, there's obviously been some sort of a mistake here. I'm sure there's-- I say I'm sure there's-- That is, I'm sure there's ... a very ... reasonable--
Amy: Do we have enough money to pay Bender's fine?
Fry: 78, 79, 79.50. Crud! We're 50 cents short.
Leela: I'd love to chip in but Bender stole my wallet.
Fry: Hey, that's my old bank. Maybe my account's still open.
Teller: Hmm. We don't seem to have your retina scan, your fingerprint or your colonic map on file.
Fry: Yeah, well, I did open the account over a thousand years ago. What about my ATM card?
Teller: Do you still remember your PIN number?
Fry: Sure! It's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda back where I used to work, Panucci's Pizza.
Teller: OK, you had a balance of 93 cents...
Fry: Alright!
Teller: And at an average of two-and-a-quarter percent interest over a period of 1000 years, that comes to ... $4.3 billion.
Hermes: To Fry.
Amy: Cheers!
Leela: I know Fry's rich, but do we really have to wear these top hats?
Bender: Maybe you don't understand just how rich he is. In fact, I think I'd better put on a monocle.
Fry: Pizza dinner on me! Just keep the tab under $50 million.
Robot Chef: Yo! I haven't got all day. What kind of pizza yous guys want?
Fry: Uh, yeah. We'll have one with everything but anchovies and one with my all time favourite topping, anchovies!
Robot Chef: Invalid selection. Yo, what are you talking about?
Fry: Anchovies? You know? Those little headless fish?
Robot Chef: Does not compute. Does not compute.
Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but the anchovy has been extinct since the 2200's.
Fry: What?
Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes. Fished to death. Just about the time your people arrived on Earth wasn't it, Zoidberg?
Zoidberg: I'm not on trial here.
Fry: So none of you has ever had anchovies? Oh, man! You don't know what you're missing. They were all salty and oily and they melted in your mouth and--
Zoidberg: Stop! Stop! I admit it! My people ate them all! We kept saying "One more can't hurt" and then they were gone. We're sorry!
Fry: I just wish I could've showed you guys how great they were. I may be rich but I still can't buy back all the things I miss from the 20th century.
Bender: Maybe you're forgetting just how rich you are. Huh? Huh?
Fry: So? What do you think?
Leela: I know you spent a lot of money on this place, Fry, but it's awfully primitive. The floors are made of such hard wood.
Bender: Hey! Get a load of this pathetic 20th century TV!
Fry: What's wrong with it?
Bender: Well, aside from causing eye cancer, these things had a lousy low-definition picture.
Amy: That's true. On a TV like this I bet you couldn't even make out my obscene tattoo.
Leela: That's cute!
Auctioneer: Sold!
Fry: Yes!
Leela: I just don't get it. Who was this Ted Danson, and why would you pay $10,000 for his skeleton?
Fry: I have an idea for a sitcom.
Bender: Ah, leave him alone, Leela. So he's going a little wacko with his money. It's OK.
Leela: You're just saying that because he bought you that antique robot toy.
Bender: Yeah, it is cute.
Auctioneer: Now, our final item: This unopened can of Angry Norwegian brand anchovies circa 1997.
Fry: Anchovies?
Auctioneer: The last known can in existence guaranteed fresh and edible. Do I hear $10,000?
Fry: 15,000!
Man: 20!
Decapodian Woman: 30! No, 40!
Fry: 50,000!
Leela: Are you crazy? It's a can of old fish.
Fry: Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Auctioneer: 50 going once, twice--
Mom: 75,000.
Leela: Oh, my God! It's Mom! I've never seen her in person before.
Fry: 100,000.
Leela: Fry, you can't bid against Mom; she's the richest, most powerful person in the world. And she's so adorable.
Mom: Well, I suppose I could go as high as ... 300,000.
Fry: 500!
Mom: Oh, mercy be. A million.
Fry: Two.
Mom: Six.
Fry: 14!
Mom: I can see the nice young man really wants those little fish. Nevertheless, I'll bid 23 million.
Fry: One jillion dollars.
Auctioneer: Sir, that's not a number.
Fry: Oh. In that case, 50 million.
Mom: Well, boys, your old mother knows when she's been beat. You win, young man. I tip my bonnet to you.
Bidder #1: Isn't she adorable?
Bidder #2: Isn't she sweet?
Auctioneer: What a class act! Sold! To the gentleman who bought every item in today's auction.
Fry: Now for some good old 20th century TV.
Announcer: [voice-over; on TV] Do you remember a time when chocolate chip cookies came fresh from the oven? Petridge Farm remembers.
Fry: Ah, those were the days.
Announcer: [voice-over; on TV] Do you remember a time when women couldn't vote and certain folk weren't allowed on golf courses? Petridge Farm remembers.
Leela: Fry? Are you there?
Fry: Eh?
Leela: You haven't been to work in three days. What have you been doing?
Fry: I've been sitting right here. I picked up my life exactly where I left off a thousand years ago. Now, if you'll excuse me, it's eight o'clock. Time to get biz-ay!
Leela: You can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music.
Fry: I could if you hadn't turned on the lights and shut off the stereo.
Leela: Fry, this isn't healthy. You're living in the past.
Fry: I'm rich! I can live whenever I want.
Leela: But we're your friends and we live here in the year 3000.
Bender: Yeah! Now are you gonna come to the squid fights with us or sit here wallowing in your prehistoric junk?
Fry: Junk? Maybe you can't understand this, but I've finally found what I need to be happy and it's not friends, it's things.
Bender: I'm a thing.
Fry: Just leave me alone.
Leela: Fry, please-- My ponytail's caught in the door.
Fry: I don't need them. Not when I have my antique videos, my bucket of fossilised KFC and 50 million dollars worth of anchovies.
Mom: Mercy me, what a day.
Mom: Could you shut the door, Igner, dear? I think I feel a draught coming on. Holy crap, that bastard's itchy! Walt! Cream soda!
Walt: Right away, mother. Larry, get your mother a cream soda.
Larry: But, Mom said--
Walt: You heard me.
Igner: What's wrong, Mommy?
Mom: It's those damned anchovies. That dirtbag, Fry, must know their secret. And I won't rest until I get my hands on them. No one messes with Mom!
Walt: Quiet, you!
Mom: As you boys know, one of the cornerstones of my empire is Mom's Old Fashioned Robot Oil. Think of it: 10 billion robots, each one needing an oil change every 3000 miles. You don't have to do the math to know that's a buttload of oil.
Igner: Can I wear your fat suit?
Mom: No, Igner, put that down!
Walt: What does this have to do with the anchovies?
Mom: I'm getting to the freaking anchovies. A single drop of the anchovies' natural oil would lubricate 10 robots permanently.
Larry: Wow, it's a shame they went extinct.
Mom: No, it isn't! Shut your filthy trap! Thank you, Walt. If anyone ever got a hold of anchovy DNA, they could chop out the oil-making gene, stick it in a bunch of Third-World kids and bam! Cheap effective robot oil. Enough to put dear, old Mom out of businness.
Walt: My God! This Mr. Fry must be a mastermind of the highest order.
Fred: Esther, you ugly!
Mom: We have only one option: We'll have to bankrupt Mr. Fry, so he'll be forced to sell the anchovies to us.
Walt: Mother, you are one clever old skag!
Mom: And don't you forget it!
Larry: But how are we supposed to get Fry's money out of the bank?
Mom: That part will be easy, thanks to the nice people at Mom's Old Fashioned Video Surveillance Unit.
Teller: Do you still remember your PIN number?
Fry: Sure! It's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda back where I used to work, Panucci's Pizza. It's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda--
Mom: You know what needs to be done.
Larry: What?
Mom: Get his PIN number, you idiots! Now I'm off to some charity BS for knocked-up teenage sluts.
Walt: Mr. Fry, it's those three plumbers you called for.
Larry: We're here to tighten your drain.
Fry: I didn't order any--
Walt: Quick! Give him the tranquilliser.
Larry: That's a good boy.
Walt: Wake up, Mr. Fry.
Fry: Where am I?
Walt: You're in the good old year 2000, working here at Panucci's Pizza. You fell asleep on the job.
Fry: That sounds like me but I thought I got frozen. Wasn't I in the future?
Walt: No, you only "dreamed" you were in the year 3000.
Fry: So I'm really back? That's exactly what I wanted, I guess. Who are you?
Walt: I'm Mr. Panucci.
Fry: You are? Did you grow a moustache since last night?
Walt: No. Now go work the currency register, I think I hear a customer coming. I said, "I think I hear a customer coming"!
Anderson: Hurry up, please. I wanna get back to the Head Museum.
Larry: Don't worry, Miss Anderson, this won't take long. Now, your motivation is you're back in the year 2000 and your head's still on your body, and you want a cheese pizza.
Anderson: OK. But I'm only doing this so people will take my head seriously as an actress.
Fry: Hey, look! Anchovies!
Walt: Of course. They're not extinct yet. And if you need further proof that this is really a thousand years ago, well, here's contemporary actress, Pamela Anderson!
Fry: Ooh!
Anderson: Hello, Fry. Remember me from Baywatch: The Movie?
Fry: Uh...
Anderson: It was the first movie to be shot entirely in slow-motion.
Walt: It hasn't been made yet.
Anderson: Then he doesn't know I won the Oscar?
Walt: Nope.
Anderson: Crap!
Fry: Wait. You're Pamela Anderson! Cool! What can I get you?
Anderson: Oh, I'll have a cheese pizza and a large ... uh ... line?
Larry: Soda!
Anderson: Oh, right! Cheese pizza and a large soda!
Fry: Uh, cheese and a-- That was quick!
Anderson: So. What do I owe you?
Fry: 10.77. Same as my PIN number.
Igner: Hey! You don't get to laugh.
Igner: Thanks a billion!
Larry: More like 4.3 billion!
Igner: Ow!
Larry: Ow!
Fry: Oh, I had a nightmare I was in the year 2000 and you guys never existed. I'm so glad I'm awake now and you're really here.
Leela: Since when do you care about us?
Bender: We thought you only cared about cans of anchovies and stuffy old songs about the buttocks.
Fry: No, that's not true!
Leela: Goodbye-ee!
Bender: Whee!
Announcer: This dream brought to you by Lightspeed briefs.
Fry: Bender! Leela! Don't leave me. Wait a minute! Hey, buddy, what year is this?
Repo-bot: Uh, 3000.
Fry: 3000? Yes! I'm still in the future! Life is wonderful! Wait! What are you doing with my stuff?
Repo-bot: Uh, cheque bounced. We're taking it all back.
Fry: Oh, no! My ATM card! My secret PIN number -- 1077. I've got nothing left. Except...
Leela: You're Fry's relative. Do you have any idea how he got so crazy?
Farnsworth: Uh, wha? Oh, yes! They say madness runs in our family. Some even call me mad! And why? Because I dared to dream of my own race of atomic monsters. Atomic supermen with octagonal-shaped bodies that suck blood out of...
Fry: Leela! Bender! I missed you so much!
Leela: You did? What happened?
Fry: I was robbed. They got everything except these.
Bender: Who did?
Mom: Hello, Fry.
Leela: It's Mom!
Mom: I felt terrible when I heard about your money troubles and I thought maybe I could help out a sweet, young man by buying his anchovies.
Fry: Sorry. But the anchovies aren't for sale.
Mom: What? Listen, you little bastard. I control the robot oil business and I won't let you ruin me. How much do you want?
Fry: You might as well put that chequebook away, because I've discovered something even more important: My friends. And they aren't worth even a penny to me. That's why these anchovies are going on a pizza, so I can share the food I love with the people I like.
Mom: Holy hell! You're going to eat them? Oh, well. Just make sure you eat them all, you're a growing boy. Toodle-oo! Dumb ass!
Fry: What a nice lady!
Fry: OK, my friends. Get ready for the most delicious extinct animal you've ever tasted.
Amy: I don't know, I've had cow. Ew! Gross!
Fry: Ah, no one likes them at first but they'll grow on you.
Zoidberg: That stench. That heavenly stench! More!
Fry: There aren't any more. And there never will be.
Zoidberg: More! More! More! More!