Announcer: Futurama is brought to you by ... ... Molten Boron!
Jingle Singer: Nobody doesn't like Molten Boron!
Fry: I hate the Planet of the Moochers. They take you out for a drink but when the check comes, their wallet's always in their other pants -- which they borrowed from me!
Leela: Dinner ready?
Bender: Nah, those lousy Moochers cleaned out our pantry. All they left was baking soda and capers. And here it is!
Fry: Ugh!
Leela: Ugh! Great. We're two days from Earth with no food.
Bender: Problem solved: You two fight to the death and I'll cook the loser. Work his gut; I like it tender.
Fry: Maybe that planet over there has a drive-thru. A Burger Jerk or a Fishy Joe's or a Chizzler or something.
Bender: Ah, don't get your hopes up. We're a billion miles from nowhere.
Leela: Yeah. It's probably only got a Howard Johnson's.
Leela: Well, it's a type-M planet, so it should at least have Roddenberries.
Fry: I'm experienced at foraging. I used to find edible mushrooms on my bath mat.
Bender: I found some rocks. You guys eat rocks, right?
Leela: No.
Bender: Not even if they're sauted in a little mud?
Fry: Here's something! It looks like a ditch full of fried shrimp.
Bender: What are you, blind? It looks more like a hole full of fried prawns.
Leela: Hm. This thing I wear on my wrist says they're not poisonous.
Fry: Well? How are they? Oh, they're great! They're like sex, except I'm having them!
Bender: You know what these would go great with? Rocks.
Fry: Look! Here's more!
Bender: The planet's covered with 'em.
Fry: Let's bring back a couple of pocketfuls.
Bender: No, a whole Bender-ful!
Leela: No. Only what we need. Stuff the ship!
Hermes: Planet Express ship, you are cleared to land.
Leela: [chewing; on radio] Roger!
Hermes: Oh, man, I'm inhaling these things! You guys scored some primo stuff here.
Zoidberg: They're tastier than an unguarded penguin nest. What do you call them?
Leela: We haven't thought of a name yet.
Bender: They're tasty, right? Let's call 'em "Tasty-cles".
Amy: Ew!
Farnsworth: No!
Leela: We can't call them that.
Bender: Why not?
Leela: It sounds too much like those frozen rocky mountain oysters on a stick. You know, Test-cicles?
Hermes: According to government records, the only names not yet trademarked are "Popplers" and "Zittzers".
Fry: I know, we'll call them Popplers!
Bender: Good idea.
Zoidberg: Oh, yeah, why not?
Amy: You sure picked it.
Fry: Swish!
Zoidberg: Call them what you want. I call them a free meal.
Bender: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down there, Sigmund. I can't stand idly by while poor people get free food. We gotta sell these things!
Fry: Hey, yeah.
Leela: Good idea.
Bender: Bender's a genius.
Fry: Hey, business is great.
Bender: Ah, great is OK, but amazing would be great.
Vendor: Please, don't push, there's hot dogs for everyone.
Bender: Hey, Mac, where do you want those rat droppings you ordered?
Woman #1: That's disgusting!
Vendor: Wait a minute. You're not the guy who delivers the rat droppings!
Man #1: What are you selling? Popplers? Never heard of 'em.
Bender: Eat it or beat it.
Man #1: Mmm, these are great. Boys, this is your lucky day. I'm Joe Gilman.
Fry: Wow! You're some guy who eats at Fishy Joe's?
Gilman: Hell, no! I am Fishy Joe! I've got a fast-food franchise on every planet in the known universe. Uh, except McPluto.
Bender: Hey, Fishy. I've been meaning to write you about your in-store kiddie parks. The slides won't support an adult robot.
Gilman: Good point, not interested. But these Popplers, these are great. How much you sell 'em for?
Fry: A dollar a dozen.
Gilman: You'll never make money that way. You supply 'em to me and I'll sell 'em for two bucks a dozen at my restaurants. I'll even pay you a dollar a dozen.
Bender: Yes! I'm gonna be rich. You too but it's hard to get excited about that.
Fry: How do we sign?
Fry: and Pop a Poppler in your mouth,
When you come to Fishy Joe's,
What they're made of is a mystery,
Where they come from, no one knows,
You can pick 'em,
You can lick 'em,
You can chew 'em,
You can stick 'em,
If you promise not to sue us,
You can shove one up your nose.
Zoidberg: I can't pay.
Woman #2: Move it, man. Come on!
Fry: Leela! That's the second billboard you've crashed into this week!
Leela: Sorry. I was distracted by those protesters outside our building.
Hippie #1: Disgusting!
Hippie #2: You should be ashamed!
Farnsworth: Hey! Unless this is a nude love-in, get the hell off my property!
Waterfall Jr.: You can't own property, man!
Farnsworth: I can, but that's because I'm not a penniless hippie.
Leela: What do you people want?
Waterfall Jr.: We're with Mankind for Ethical Animal Treatment. Popplers are living creatures. You gotta stop harvesting them for food!
Bender: Or what?
Waterfall Jr.: Or we'll boycott Fishy Joe's.
Leela: You're vegetarians, who cares what you do?
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up.
Leela: Animals eat other animals. It's nature.
Waterfall Jr.: No, it isn't. We taught a lion to eat tofu. The point is you shouldn't eat things that feel pain.
Bender: OK, we won't eat you.
Leela: I'll go get some more bricks.
Leela: Fry, I wish you'd throw out these week-old Popplers. They're getting big and scaly. Ooh, there's one left.
Poppler: Mama!
Leela: Stop! Stop eating Popplers!
Amy: Why?
Bender: My booze!
Leela: Popplers are intelligent. This one called me mama.
Zoidberg: Congratulations. I assume Amy is the father.
Bender: Popplers can't talk. Leela must be hallucinating from not eating enough Popplers. Here, eat some now.
Leela: No!
Bender: I said "eat"! Come on, mange!
Leela: Sorry, babies.
Amy: Leela, maybe you should lie down.
Zoidberg: Yes, listen to the father.
Leela: I'm telling you, it spoke to me. Come on, little Poppler, say "mama".
Fry: Look, Leela, even if you heard one talk, that doesn't mean it's intelligent. I mean, parrots talk and we eat them, right?
Bender: Yeah. Maybe it just learned to talk as a parlour trick, like Fry.
Fry: Like Fry! Like Fry!
Farnsworth: There's one way, and only one way, to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain!
Poppler: No, mama. Stop grandpa!
Farnsworth: Enough chit-chat. Restrain the specimen!
Man #3: Mmm, good.
Woman #3: Give me some of that special sauce.
Leela: Stop eating Popplers! They can talk!
Man #4: Don't stop to talk! Eat Popplers!
Leela: Hey, cut it out!
Man #4: Take a coupon, cut it out! Ow! Ow!
Fry: People, I won't let you enter. Popplers are as intelligent as you or me.
Man #5: You, maybe!
Bender: Hear me, hear me! Stop eating Popplers! Stop eating them with honey mustard sauce. Stop eating them with tangy sweet-and-sour sauce. Stop eating the new fiesta Poppler salad. Stop taking advantage of the money-saving 12-pack. Stop enjoying Popplers on the patio, in the car, or on the boat. Wherever good times are had! Ow!
Linda: Tonight on Datenight: Popplers. Eating them. Is it alright to? We have with us the CEO of Fishy Joe's, Mr. "Fishy" Joseph Gilman. Noted anti-eating activist, Free Waterfall Jr. And the discoverer of Popplers, Captain Turanga Leela.
Fry: Turanga?
Amy: That's her name, Philip.
Bender: Philip?
Linda: Fishy Joe, is it wrong to eat intelligent animals?
Gilman: Absolutely not, Linda. I don't think anyone's here to make that claim.
Leela: I am.
Waterfall Jr.: Me too.
Gilman: Listen...
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up...
Gilman: ...we're talking about a snack...
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up...
Gilman: ...that's low in fat...
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up.
Gilman: ...and high in profit.
Waterfall Jr.: You're crazy, man. He is crazy.
Gilman: There's not even any strong evidence that these Popplers are intelligent.
Waterfall Jr.: [speaking fast; on TV] Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up...
Leela: That's not true. I have one right here that can talk.
Waterfall Jr.: ...shut up...
Leela: Come on, say "mama".
Poppler: Ca-ca!
Linda: OK, we'll have to bleep that.
Leela: Look, I'm not saying eating meat is wrong...
Waterfall Jr.: Shut up.
Leela: I don't think anyone's here to make that claim.
Waterfall Jr.: I am.
Leela: But eating an intelligent animal is different.
Waterfall Jr.: [speaking fast; on TV] Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up...
Gilman: Oh, don't force your tired philosophy on us. I mean, the only reason we don't eat people is because it tastes lousy.
Waterfall Jr.: You're all nuts. Shut up, let me talk.
Linda: You shut up, please.
Waterfall Jr.: No, you shut up, please.
Gilman: Popplers are no smarter than any other animal I've served. And that includes cats.
Poppler: Ca-ca head. Mean, old ca-ca head.
Gilman: Sir, I'm making a point. If these gutter-mouthed creatures are so smart, why don't they defend themselves, huh?
Leela: Stop it!
Waterfall Jr.: I call murder on that.
Gilman: Look, I'm willing to grant that it's murder. The real issue is: Who's gonna stop me?
Linda: We seem to be experiencing technical difficulties. And, crap like I've never seen!
Lrrr: People of Earth, I am Lrrr of the planet Omicron Persei 8. Turn down that TV, Nd-Nd.
Farnsworth: Dear Lord, they're back!
Amy: We're doomed!
Hermes: Doooomed!
Bender: Doooo...
Lrrr: Now then, the creatures you call "Popplers" come from a nursery planet in our sector.
Nd-Nd: You monsters have been eating our babies!
Leela: Eck!
Nd-Nd: We demand justice. As you ate our children, so shall you be eaten by us!
Lrrr: We will begin with the firemen, then the math teachers, and so on in that fashion until everyone is eaten. Transmission over! Well, that went OK. I tell you, when-when you know you can't scratch, that's when you really have to, huh? Oh! Oh, yeah, that feels a lot better. What? It's still on?
Zapp: As chief negotiator, I speak for all of Earth when I mourn the regrettable loss of the Omicronian young. We share your pain. Mmm. If we could undo the damage-- These would be great with quack-a-mole.
Lrrr: Stop eating our young! And it's pronounced guacamole!
Zapp: Alright, I'm putting them away. Now, uh, what is it you want?
Lrrr: We demand-- We demand to eat one human for each Omicronian that was eaten.
Zapp: Fair enough. How many is that?
Kif: 198 billion, sir.
Lrrr: Very well. You will provide us with 198 billion humans. And, uh, small fries.
Nd-Nd: Lrrr!
Lrrr: Oh, alright, cottage cheese!
Kif: Sir? There aren't that many human beings.
Zapp: A thought occurs: There aren't that many humans.
Lrrr: We're willing to wait a few weeks while you shore up the numbers.
Zapp: Hmm. 198 billion babies in a few weeks. We'll need an army of super-virile men scoring round the clock! I'll do my part. Kif, clear my schedule.
Fry: I wish they'd just wipe out humanity and get it over with. It's the waiting I can't stand.
Leela: That's stupid!
Zapp: My fellow Earthlings, we have reached an agreement. Using the twin guns of grace and tact, I blasted our worthless enemies with a fair compromise. They will not eat everyone on Earth.
Lrrr: I filled up on nuts at the negotiation.
Zapp: Instead, they will eat only a single human of their choice.
Lrrr: We choose to eat the first Earthling who ate our offspring. Here is the culprit, as photographed by our nanny-cam satellite. She must be sacrificed, but the rest of you shall be spared.
Linda: Tonight, the world watches in horror as an earthling is eaten alive on network television. This grim scene of unimaginable carnage is brought to you by Fishy Joe's! Try our new Extreme Walrus Juice! 100% fresh-squeezed walrus. Ride the walrus!
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen. The Omicronians!
Lrrr: Greetings, Earth morsels.
Man #6: You suck!
Lrrr: Get a job!
Bender: I'll miss you, Leela. I know you're just a carbon-based life form but I'll always think of you as a big pile of titanium.
Fry: What Bender means is, you're really brave, and smart, and beautiful, and a great friend.
Bender: Just like titanium!
Leela: This is all a big load. I was the one trying to save the Popplers. You were sucking them down like the fat hog you are and you were stepping on them for fun. You both should be in here instead of me.
Bender: Someone's acting awfully aluminum.
Zapp: Leela, my sweet, I've come to save you. I have a devious plan!
Leela: Oh, great, Captain Moron has a plan. Why don't you tell it to Wingus and Dingus here?
Zapp: Wingus, Dingus, listen up. We're gonna give the aliens the old switcheroo!
Fry: You mean--
Zapp: Correct. I found a giant hideous ape that looks exactly like Leela.
Leela: It doesn't look anything like me. The hair is all wrong.
Zapp: Don't worry. Kif is an expert stylist, as you can plainly see. Mmm!
Leela: You know, this might actually work. The Omicronians seem to have trouble telling one person from another.
Zapp: True. At the negotiations, they thought Kif here was the statesman and I was a jabbering mental patient. Isn't that right, Kif?
Kif: Please, I'm creating. Voila!
Bender: Bingo!
Fry: That's Leela!
Zapp: I'm seeing double!
Lrrr: I grow hungry! Bring on the one called "Leela".
Waiter: That comes with salad or soup.
Lrrr: Uh, salad.
Waiter: Ranch or vinaigrette?
Lrrr: Vinaigrette!
Waiter: Balsamic or raspberry?
Woman #4: What's going on here? It's very strange.
Zapp: People of Earth: Shh!
Woman #4: Oh, I get it.
Woman #5: I understand.
Lrrr: Hmm. Yes, this is one. Definitely. I recognise her slumping posture and hairy knuckles.
Nd-Nd: Would you like some human with your salt?
Linda: This is it. If the aliens fall for Zapp's ploy, the Earth will be saved. Brought to you by Fishy Joe's. Ride the walrus.
Waterfall Jr.: Wait! Stop! It's a trick! That's not Leela.
Lrrr: W-What's happening? I'm losing the crowd.
Waterfall Jr.: It's an orang-utan. One of Mother Earth's most precious creatures.
Zapp: Why'd you open your bong hole, you smelly hippie? You'd sacrifice a beautiful woman to save a moderately-attractive monkey? You must've smoked some bad granola.
Lrrr: The one called "Smelly Hippie" is right. This is a monkey!
Nd-Nd: Yes. Definitely.
Lrrr: Where is the real female?
Zapp: I'll never tell.
Lrrr: Where is the real female?
Zapp: I'll get her for you.
Zapp: I realise this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again.
Leela: Go consummate yourself.
Lrrr: Stop talking, you're getting cold.
Leela: Please! I just paid off my car!
Fry: No!
Bender: I can't look!
Poppler: Stop! People of Earth. I am Jrrr of the planet Omicron Persei 8. Could someone lower this thing for me? Now then, if Leela gets eaten, I get eaten.
Nd-Nd: Little one, get out of there. I'm going to count to blorx!
Jrrr: But, elder one--
Nd-Nd: Flingle ... glorg ... glorg and a gloob.
Jrrr: Hear me out. There are many good reasons to eat: Hunger, boredom, wanting to be the world's fattest man. But not revenge. Are we no better than they? Besides, Leela's my friend.
Lrrr: Is this true, Earthling?
Leela: Yeah, it is.
Lrrr: Leela's garbled words have opened my eyes.
Waterfall Jr.: OK, that's a start, that's very Earth-friendly. Now everyone join hands. Join hands, please. I'd like to lead you all in some swaying. Come on, pay attention. I said do it! Yeah...
Lrrr: Is he your friend too?
Jrrr: No.
Waterfall Jr.: This is not happening.
Lrrr: I think there was something funny in that hippie.
Leela: Thank you, Jrrr. I hope you'll always think of me as your mom.
Jrrr: When my species grows up, we eat our moms!
Leela: Whoop!
Lrrr: People of Earth-- Oh, that hippie's starting to kick in. we've all learned a valuable lesson today. I realise now that-- Dude! My hand are huge! They can touch anything but themselves. Oh, wait.
Nd-Nd: Let's go.
Lrrr: Whoa!
Lrrr: [high; from ship] Whoa, I feel like I'm flying!
Farnsworth: A toast to Leela. She showed us it's wrong to eat certain things.
Fry: Hear, hear!
Bender: Let's get drunk!
Leela: Aww, thanks, guys. Pass the veal, please.
Bender: Here you go.
Fry: Mmm, let me get some of that suckling pig.
Bender: Who wants dolphin?
Leela: Dolphin? But dolphins are intelligent.
Bender: Not this one. He blew all his money on instant lottery tickets.
Fry: OK.
Leela: Oh, OK.
Amy: That's different.
Farnsworth: Good, good.
Leela: Pass the blowhole.
Amy: Can I have a fluke?
Hermes: Hey, quit hogging the bottle-nose.
Farnsworth: Toss me the speech centre of the brain!