Leela: Guidance system?
Bender: Online.
Leela: Autopilot?
Autopilot: Present.
Leela: Dark matter indicator?
Fry: Making the noise.
Leela: All systems operational. Let's rock!
Leela: Gentlemen, I've completed my report on the crash.
Bender: Whoa! I'm not reading that crap. Summarise it in one word.
Leela: Sabotage. This is a normal L-unit. Without it, space travel is but the fevered dream of a madman.
Fry: Yep.
Bender: Of course.
Zoidberg: Doy!
Hermes: It's an important unit.
Leela: And this, my friends, is the L-unit I just removed from the ship.
Fry: That doesn't look like an "L" at all. Unless you count lowercase.
Bender: You know we don't!
Leela: Whoever did this was strong. This is 340 pounds of Tonka-tough steel.
Bender: Hmm. It should look like this. But instead it looks like this.
Fry: Who would do a thing like that?
Bender: Who could do a thing like that? And by "that", I mean this.
Zoidberg: Well, gang, it looks like we have another mystery on our hands.
Hermes: I'd better make a chart of the suspects. I'll begin by drawing a line with my straight-edge. Sweet lamprey of Santa Fe! My edge has been bent!
Amy: My javelin too! It's ruined. Now we'll never beat Jupiter State.
Zoidberg: My slinky! My cuddly, little pet slinky!
Farnsworth: What's all the hubbub?
Leela: My God! Even the Professor's been bent.
Farnsworth: That you for your sympathy, talking square of linoleum.
Bender: I'll get you fixed up. That's fine.
Amy: Wait a minute. Bender, what did you just do to the Professor?
Bender: I bent him.
Amy: Aha!
Hermes: Bender!
Zoidberg: J'accuse!
Bender: Oh, I see. A bunch of stuff gets bent so it must be the robot designed for bending.
Hermes: I know how to settle this: We'll check last night's surveillance tapes.
Fry: Huh?
Amy: What tapes?
Leela: Surveillance?
Zoidberg: You've seen me naked?
Hermes: Ah. Last night's tape. It was right next to Bathroom Bloopers 4.
Bender: See? Nothing. Told you, losers.
Fry: Wait! There on the screen. It's that guy you are.
Bender: I'm sleepwalking.
Farnsworth: Dear God! We've got robots on the ceiling.
Fry: You weren't sleepwalking, you were sleep-bending!
Bender: This is quite a shock. On the other hand, it's not surprising in the least. After all, I've been bending since the day I was built.
Bender: I was born on an assembly line in the bad part of Tijuana.
Bender: Mama. [He reaches out and cries. The robotic arm opens a bottle of Olde Fortran and screws a baby bottle-top onto it and feeds Bender. The conveyor belt moves and carries Bender to a machine marked "Bending School". Another robot arm comes out of it and installs bending software into his head. A third one hands him a diploma and puts a hat on his head then it throws the hat in the air.] Hooray! I graduated! Time to bend around Europe for a few months, then get a job bending.
Amy: You remember your own birth?
Bender: Sure. It was only four years ago.
Fry: You're only four years old?
Bender: Precocious little scamp, ain't I?
Leela: Hmm. Bender must have a pent-up need to bend that's not being satisfied by his bend-free lifestyle.
Farnsworth: Then he can't stay here. He's a menace to every straight person in the company. Go satisfy your bend lust and don't you come back to work until you do.
Robots: No more bending, no more work. Give us a raise, you big fat jerk.
Sal: Nevers!
Joey: Yo! The Mafia supports you. But don't tell no one. Spread the word.
Donbot: As the duly-elected mobsters of this union, it's our duty to support the struggle of these proud, lazy slobs.
Joey: Yeah, but what if management remains intragnizent?
Donbot: From the context it is clear what you mean. In that case, Clamps may have a little surprise for them.
Clamps: The clamps! Right?
Bender: Aw, no! A strike? Now I'll never get to bend anything. Oh, woe is Bender.
Robot #1: Hang tough, brother. Management refused our demand to switch casual Friday to Monday.
Bender: What?
Robot #2: And now they're hiring scabs at ten-times the normal wage.
Bender: Ten-times normal wage? I'll give those jerks what for!
Sal: Welcomes aboard, scab.
Bender: Great to be here.
Sal: Come on. I'll introduces you to your scab co-workers you'll be scabbing with. This here's our scab foreman.
Bender: Flexo?
Flexo: Bender?
Bender: Hey, sorry you got sent to that South American Turkish prison instead of me on account of mistaken identity.
Flexo: You bastard! They treated me like an animal and that's what I became! Nah, you're alright. Good to see you, buddy!
Sal: And here's another scab what also works here, Angle-ine.
Bender: Hello.
Sal: Hey, yous guyses wanna move that things?
Bender: Hello!
Robots: Give us a raise, you big fat jerk.
Sal: Nevers!
Bender: Ow! Um, hi, Angle-ine. Whatcha up to?
Angle-ine: Making hangers. Guidance counsellor said I had a knack for it.
Bender: That's cool, that's cool. So, um, uh, I was wondering if, y'know, it's cool if not, but, what are you doing after work?
Angle-ine: What I always do. Jack squat.
Bender: Me too. Man, we have a lot in common, huh?
Angle-ine: Well we are made of virtually identical components.
Bender: Are you sure? Maybe I should sneak a peek at your access panel.
Angle-ine: Hey, according to the scab handbook that's extremely inappropriate banter. And that's just the way I like it.
Hermes: Haile H. Selassie!
Zoidberg: There, little friend. Good as new.
Farnsworth: What an exquisite day. That azure sky, the verdant treetops. Those delightful birds with their chirp, chirp, chirp and their tweet, tweet, splat.
Fry: Professor, I've never seen you so cheerful. What the hell's wrong with you?
Farnsworth: Hmm. I'm not quite sure. Perhaps seeing things from a new perspective has reminded me of life's beauty. Or perhaps my new posture is causing blood to pool in the back of my brain, resulting in a mild delirium. Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.
Fry: I wish! It's a nickel.
Bender: Union forever! Lousy scabs! They can't do those things! Et cetera!
Bender: I bet watching me bend girders like this turns your legs all rubbery.
Angle-ine: Well my legs are made of rubber. And anyway, I am just as strong as you are, Mac.
Bender: Oh, yeah? Prove it. Here, let me help you.
Farnsworth: My new bent outlook has completely re-energised me. I'm even dating a young Brazilian retired actress.
Fry: Alright!
Farnsworth: Some say I'm robbing the cradle but I say she's robbing the grave.
Bender: Howdy, doodies. What's new?
Farnsworth: I was just regaling your former co-workers with a tale of bedroom antics, the likes of which--
Bender: Yeah, yeah! Big whoop! No one cares. I got Bender-related news. I'm in love and I'm taking all my friends out to celebrate.
Amy: Let's get liquored up!
Elzar: Hey, look at this crowd. You guys gotta try the pasta. It's got a real nice profit margin. Bam! So, special occasion tonight?
Bender: Oh, Elzar, you'll never guess what's happened?
Elzar: Bam?
Bender: I met the most dynamite ladybot.
Elzar: Hey, that's terrific. To celebrate, I'm gonna stick seven copies of my latest cookbook on your bill.
Bender: Bless you, sir.
Farnsworth: So, Bender, tell us about this new girlfriend of yours.
Bender: I intend to. Through the lost art of the toast. To Angle-ine, she's got it all. Looks, charm and the love of a fabulous bending robot.
Fry: She sure does.
Bender: Flexo!
Elzar: Careful, that's a week old!
Bender: I finally meet a nice girl with a pair of legs that don't quit unexpectedly and that jerk Flexo steals her away? It's time to kick some shiny, metal ass. You degenerate hussy! I'm disappointed in you too, Angle-ine.
Angle-ine: Bender, it's-it's not what you think.
Bender: Oh, God! Then it's worse than I think.
Angle-ine: Now, look, there is no reason to be upset. Flexo and I are divorced.
Bender: Div-- Huh?
Flexo: We're just havin' dinner 'cause we wanna stay friends.
Bender: Uh, I knew that. What I'm actually outraged by is your choice of wine. Really, it's the steward's fault.
Steward: Excellent choice, sir.
Bender: That Flexo, I'm knockin' him right on his butt. I can't believe this.
Farnsworth: Obsessing won't help, Bender. Take a lean back and enjoy life.
Bender: I can't. My Fembot may be in love with another Manbot.
Leela: Well talk to her. Tell her about your feelings in an open an honest way.
Fry: Yeah. Either that or be a man.
Bender: OK, I've constructed an elaborate lie: I'll call Angle-ine while pretending to be Flexo, arrange a date, show up disguised as him and catch her two-timing me with myself.
Fry: That's thinkin' like a man.
Bender: Hello? This is Flexo.
Bender: Now we'll see who loves whom.
Bender: Hey, hot stuff.
Angle-ine: Hey, Flexo. So since when do you go to bars on work nights? It's not like you at all.
Bender: Nonsense. It's exactly like me. Flexo: The fun-loving love machine Fembots love to love. Hey, barkeep, I'll have a Fuzzy Navel and she'll have the girliest drink in the house.
Bartender-bot: Two Fuzzy Navel's comin' up.
Bender: I hope they can make change for a fortune.
Joey: Yo. Get an eye-load of that filthy scab with the beard flashing his filthy scab money. It's an insult to you, boss.
Donbot: Yeah. That cash oughta be slushin' my fund and kicksing my back.
Clamps: I'm greasing up my whoozits!
Donbot: Whoa, whoa, Clamps, not yet. Let's just keep an eye on him and see if he does it a couple more times.
Bender: You're lookin' good to Flexo tonight.
Angle-ine: Quit makin' with the googly eyes. You know that I'm in love with Bender.
Bender: Bender? That walking wuss factory?
Angle-ine: Well he may be a walking factory but believe me he is no wuss. Now, look, you and me are through. I told you that when I divorced you.
Bender: But going through a divorce together, you can't tell me that didn't bring us closer. Care to dance?
Angle-ine: You know I love dancing but you always hated it.
Bender: In that case it's something I've always wanted to make up to you. Hey, scratchmo. How 'bout dropping me and the lady some rump-rattling beats?
Donbot: I had hoped that by the second time he flashed his cash my rage would have subsided. Sadly that has not happened.
Angle-ine: You used to be so inflexible, Flexo. You have really loosened up!
Bender: I recently upgraded my funk card. C'mon!
Angle-ine: Alright!
Bender: C'mon now, what's new! Ew!
Angle-ine: Flexo? What-What's going on?
Bender: Um...
Angle-ine: Flexo!
Bender: So the moral of the story is: If you want it to stay sunk, tie a weight to it!
Angle-ine: You always were a kick in the teeth, man.
Bender: Aw, shucks, thunder-buns! You make me feel like a million volts.
Angle-ine: Flexo, Flexo, Flexo. I'm starting to remember why I fell for you in the first place.
Bender: So, she's falling for Flexo, eh? I'd better seduce her a little more, just to be sure.
Angle-ine: Well, it's late. I should get home to my trailer.
Bender: I'll walk you out. After all, a true gentleman tends to his date's every need. Tiparillo?
Bender: Here you are, my lad. Bring the lady's car around in the finest way possible.
Joey: He's flashin' his cash loaf again.
Donbot: How many times is that? Two or three?
Clamps: Three.
Donbot: Alright. That's the necessary number of times. That scab's gonna have a little on-the-job accident.
Joey: With all due respect, Donbot, I don't think we should rely on an accident happening. Let's kill him ourselves.
'Angle-ine: Well, goodnight. I-I had a great time.
Bender: How 'bout a lift? To your place.
Angle-ine: What?
Bender: Admit it. You felt something for me tonight. And by "me" I mean Flexo.
'Angle-ine: Hey, look, I had fun, but--
Bender: But?
'Angle-ine: But--
Bender: But?
Angle-ine: But... Huh? Bender! You tricked me.
Bender: That's right, baby. I ain't your lover boy, Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anybody pretending to be him.
Angle-ine: Well maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you're pretending to be.
Bender: Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: Kill Flexo. Ow!
Angle-ine: Nooo!
Flexo: Thanks, I appreciate that. Nah, I'm joshing you. That was quite annoying.
Bender: You call yourself divorced? You're making a mockery of one of our oldest institutions.
Flexo: What?
Clamps: Alright, boss, give the word and I'll drop this unbendable girder. Clamp, clamp, ka-bamp!
Donbot: Remember, only kill the one with the beard. That other filthy scab we got nothing against.
Flexo: That's low!
Angle-ine: Please stop! I'm not worth it!
Bender: Probably not. But I love you and I'm gonna kick his ass till I win you back.
Donbot: OK, Clamps. Now!
Clamps: Ooh, that's gotta clamp!
Angle-ine: Flexo? Are you OK?
Flexo: Yeah, never better. Nah, I'm yankin' your chain, I'm dying.
Angle-ine: You can't die. Tonight Bender showed me that I love you.
Bender: But, I love you.
Angle-ine: I know and I care for you too. But I could never love anyone as much as you made me realise I love Flexo.
Bender: But ... but... I love you so much, Angle-ine, I want you to be happy no matter what.
Angle-ine: What, what are you saying?
Bender: I'm saying I've got an unbendable girder to bend.
Angle-ine: You can't bend that girder. It's unbendable!
Bender: Well I don't know anything about lifting, so that just leaves us the one option.
Flexo: Thanks, buddy. Another year under that and I'd have been a goner.
Angle-ine: I'll always remember this, Bender.
Bender: Me too. Me too. Jerk.
Leela: So Flexo and Angle-ine had sex right there on the factory floor? Well, at least you got bending out of your system.
Bender: Yes. I won't be up to bending again for a long, long time.
Farnsworth: Perhaps it's your outlook that needs a good bend. A 90-degree bend to a place where happiness is perpendicular to wonderment.
Fry: Professor, we're all sick of your upbeat attitude.
Amy: I'll say.
Zoidberg: Believe it.
Farnsworth: Nonsense. It's just like in the song I wrote: We all need a new angle on life,
You gotta bend away all your trouble and your strife,
Leela: Bender, you've gotta help us.
Bender: I try to get out but they keep pulling me back in.
Farnsworth: You gotta dangle,
Have a new angle,
Wangle a new dangle on life,
Amy: No, Bender! The other way.
Bender: I like him better this way.
Farnsworth: I'm sad now.
Leela: Eh, it's fine.