Amy: Is Nibbler stoked for the big pet show?
Leela: He ought to be with all the strict training I've been putting him through. Nibbler, roll over and you get a ham. Roll over. Roll over for the ham. You are so adorable! Who wants a ham?
Farnsworth: Zooka barooka! First prize is $500 and a year's supply of dog food!
Bender: "$500", you say?
Zoidberg: "Dog food", you say?
Fry: Man, that's dog's gonna be hard to beat. Look at him bring in the sheep! One sheep, two sheep ... ... three sheep.
Leela: The dog's good, but our real competition is the Hypno-Toad. [The Hypno-Toad is a toad, almost the size of the sheep. It stares at them and it's eyes oscillate and buzz. The sheep walk in single file into the pen and one closes the gate behind it. The judges confer and the Hypno-Toad turns around and hypnotises them. They stare at it, open-mouthed and raise "10" cards. The crowd cheers. Leela stands at the side of the ring and puts Nibbler into it.] Your turn, Nibbler, honey. Herd those sheep!
Amy: Come on, Nibbler!
Bender: Ma'am, I have a late entry: My hard-shelled wooping terrier, Mr. Zoidberg.
Bender: Faster! Faster.
Zoidberg: Ow!
Bender: Suck in that gut! You wanna be spayed?
Bender: Silence, you cur! Puff out that brisket!
Bender: I should be weeping! I'm not weeping!
Fry: I love these things!
Leela: Shake paws, Nibbler. Come on, shake. He might be a little hungry. Shake, boy. Usually he's had more ham by now. Shake!
Judge #1: Third prize, a party-sized keg of guinea pigs, goes to Dave Spiegel and his owner, Fluffers. Second prize, this lovely afghan made from an Afghan, goes to Bender and his wooping terrier.
Bender: Second place? That's a fancy word for losing. You didn't stick your landing!
Zoidberg: Forgive me, my friend.
Bender: Never!
Judge #1: And before we announce the winner we have a special award for a first-time contestant: Ms. Leela and her mystery pet, Nibbler!
Leela: Me? Award? Him? Me? Good?
Judge #1: That's just the kind of eloquence you'd expect from the owner of Dumbest Pet in Show. [He puts a conical hat on Nibbler with "Dumb" written down the middle of it. Everyone laughs.] And the grand prize winner ... ... the Hypno-Toad. All glory to the Hypno-Toad.
Leela: Maybe they're right. Maybe Nibbler is dumb.
Fry: Don't listen to them, Leela. People said I was dumb, but I proved them.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! We were supposed to make a delivery to the planet Tweenis 12 but it's been completely destroyed.
Leela: Why is that good news?
Farnsworth: They paid in advance.
Bender: Excuse me.
Hermes: This is mighty strange. First, the civilisation of Space Rome collapsed, then Don Martin 3 went kaflooie and now Tweenis 12.
Fry: Looks like this planet is next in line.
Leela: That's Earth. The planet we live on.
Fry: I'd hate to be those guys.
Hermes: What's got into him? He's twitching like Zoidberg when someone mentions the word "food".
Zoidberg: What, now?
Leela: No! Nibbler, come back!
Leela: Too bad Nibbler's not around. I guess I'll have to eat this raw, dripping ham by myself. Nibbler? Nibbler, you're scaring me. Nibbler? Am I going crazy? Have my years of wild hedonism finally caught up with me? Nibbler, help! Don't leave me here. Uh, Nibbler? Could you scooch the seat up just a little bit?
Fry: Leela back yet?
Bender: Fry, help me! My heart stopped beating!
Fry: You don't have a heart; you're a robot.
Bender: Sure ... right. Robot! Oh, Fry! My skin's all dry and clanky.
Fry: Well, yeah. Robots are made of metal.
Bender: Am I a robot?
Fry: Bender, if this is some kind of scam, I don't get it. You already have my power of attorney.
Bender: Fry! My skin!
Farnsworth: Ow. Ow. Ow. I'm a genius. Ow. Ow.
Fry: Dr. Zoidberg, why is everyone acting so weird?
Zoidberg: Zoidy want balloon! Want balloon now! Zoidy want go outside!
Fry: I just let you back in!
Leela: This is unbelievable. I thought you were a furry little moron. But here you are flying an adorable spaceship. If only you could talk. Wait! I understood that! You say you're transmitting your thoughts directly to my brain. You say those awful flying brains are making everyone on Earth stupid? Oh, stupider. And you go on to say that we're headed for your home planet where your race has lived since the beginning of the universe? [Nibbler says something that sounds like "yes".] So, how did the universe begin? Then the meaning of existence-- So every religion is wrong!
Linda: You fell! Hi! Today some bad things happened. One bad thing was a train got crashed in New Jersey. Wanna see? People won't be late for work though, because the governor lady said, "I'm sending in more trains!"
Woman: Go!
Man: Wait for me! Wait for me!
Morbo: Morbo can't understand his TelePrompTer. He forgot how you say that letter that looks like a man with a hat.
Linda: It's a "T". It goes "tuh".
Morbo: [waving; on TV] Hello, little man. I will destroy you!
Fry: Man, even the news monster is acting strange. What are we gonna do?
Farnsworth: Duh, I know! Let's play the lottery!
Amy: No. Let's buy Internet stock!
Zoidberg: On margin! Zoidy wanna buy on margin!
Hermes: Look at me! I'm invisible!
Fry: Wait a minute! I know what's going on here. You've all become idiots!
Bender: Hey, let's all join the Reform Party!
Hermes: Oh, yeah!
Ken: Welcome back, Lord Nibbler, Ambassador to Earth, homeworld of the pizza bagel.
Nibbler: Thank you. I bear many receipts for reimbursement.
Fiona: The four welcomes of friendship to you as well, Leela. We shall manipulate your mind so we appear to be speaking your language. Do not be afraid, my child.
Leela: I'm not afraid.
Fiona: Uh, good. Good.
Leela: So, your real name is Lord Nibbler? That's a coincidence.
Nibbler: That name is for your sake. In the time it would take to pronounce one letter of my true name, a trillion cosmoses would flair into existence and sink into eternal night.
Leela: Oh, you're all so cute!
Ken: No, we're not. We Nibblonians are an ancient and powerful race. Behold. When the universe was forged in the crucible of the Big Bang, our mighty race was already 17 years old.
Leela: Aww!
Ken: For the first millisecond of time, things were OK. But then there arose a terrible enemy: The Brain Spawn. Ever since, we have waged unceasing war against these dreadful--
Nibblonian Chef: Lunch is ready.
Ken: Then let the feast of a thousand hams begin.
Leela: So why are these Brain Spawn attacking Earth, Nibbler?
Nibbler: The Brain Spawn hate all consciousness. The thoughts of others screech at them like the forced laughs of a billion art house movie patrons.
Ken: Thus, they travel from world to world making everyone stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe.
Leela: Wipe out all thought? My God! They're like flying televisions.
Fiona: And even we are powerless to stop them, fearsome though we are.
Nibbler: There is but one being who can resist them. A child of destiny whose bizarre brain wave pattern makes him immune to the Brain Spawn attack. He is the hope of the universe. The fate of your world, perhaps all worlds, rests in his special mind.
Leela: Now, when you say "special"...
Fry: Attention, New New Yorkers. Stop acting so stupid!
Ken: Nibblonian fleet holding at perimeter of moron zone, formerly known as "Earth".
Leela: Why would Fry be immune to the flying brains? Because he doesn't shower?
Fiona: The Brain Spawn suppress intelligence by attacking the delta brain wave. Every animal and robot in the universe generates this wave, as do certain trees.
Nibbler: Fry, however, does not.
Fiona: Somehow he has cobbled together a random assortment of other brain waves into a working mind.
Leela: Like a prom dress made from carpet remnants.
Nibbler: Yes, like your prom dress.
Ken: The Brain Spawn are commanded by a giant, evil brain with a gooey centre of pure hate.
Fiona: Only Fry, with his superior, yet inferior mind, can approach him. You must tell him to disable it. We will do the rest.
Leela: You can count on me.
Fiona: No, we can't. Once on Earth, you will be too stupid to remember the message.
Nibbler: That's why we wrote it down for you.
Ken: We've also prepared a bag lunch and some mittens.
Fry: Time to re-educate you dunce-bags. We'll start with US presidents. This was our first president, George Washington. Let's review. Who was our first president?
Amy: Um.
Bender: A pickle jar?
Washington: Thomas Jefferson?
Fry: Leela! I've been so worried. Are you a bonehead?
Leela: I ... have to tell ... must ... important ... something--
Fry: Whoa, whoa! Slow down. You're going a mile a minute.
Leela: This! You for this!
Fry: Thanks!
Leela: No! Ow! Fire hot.
Farnsworth: The professy will help! Fire indeed hot!
Arthur: Oh! Chester A. Arthur fall down.
Leela: Brain. Brain make people dumb.
Fry: No, Leela. Brain make people smart.
Leela: You go fight biggest brain of all.
Fry: Even bigger than those? Holy nuts! Where is it?
Leela: I 'unno!
Fry: Hm. A giant brain is basically a giant nerd. And where would a giant nerd be? The libary!
Big Brain: Pathetic human race. Arranging their knowledge by category just made it easier to absorb. Dewey, you fool, your decimal system has played right into my hands! What do you want?
Fry: I'm here to kick your ass.
Big Brain: Wishful thinking. We have long since evolved beyond the need for asses. Odd. My stupefaction field is having no effect on your ability to think.
Fry: That's right. And I think you'll find that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing! OK, better think of a new plan. Come on, Fry, think! Thinking ... thinking...
Big Brain: Oh! Stop that!
Fry: Hey! Thinking hurts him. Maybe I can think of a way to use that. Aha! Prepare to be thought at. Leela, give me a topic.
Leela: Duh...
Fry: Seriously, I can't think of anything. Gotta find something to make me think. Hardy Boys, too easy. Nancy Drew, too hard. Aha! Perfect! Bonfire of the Vanities!
Big Brain: No! It's unbearable!
Fiona: The brains are weakening. Nibblonians to Nibble stations. Prepare cuddle bug for deployment in 40 nibblets.
Nibbler: Sometimes I fear we are cute.
Fiona: Oh, niggle-snoosh!
Fry: Take that! And that! This sentence I don't understand but take this one!
Big Brain: You have not won yet. Each book in this room is a gateway to a mental realm and I shall take you there and imprison you forever.
Leela: Icky!
Fry: Where are we?
Ahab: A gold doubloon to the man who first spies the white whale.
Queequeg: Big whale over there.
Ahab: Arr! I saw it first!
Queequeg: Wait! That no white whale. It grey, think-y whale!
Fry: Queequeg, let go of me! I have to kill it!
Big Brain: Farewell! You will all be trapped in this dense, symbolist tome forever!
Fry: Follow him! It's our only way out!
Fry: Excuse me, have you seen a giant brain?
Tom Sawyer: Yep. I let him help me whitewash Aunt Polly's fence.
Big Brain: Tom Sawyer, you tricked me. This is less fun than previously indicated. Let this corny slice of Americana be your tomb for all eternity.
Tom Sawyer: Please, no!
Fry: Come on!
Woman: Mr. Fry, Mama tells us you're quite the oddity; a bachelor at your age.
Fry: You think I'm an oddity? Wait'll you see--
Butler: Presenting the most eligible landowner in all Hertfordshire, Mr. Brainly.
Big Brain: I'm a gigantic brain!
Man #1: I say!
Man #2: Most un-gentleman-like!
Woman: Mr. Brainly, what news have you of the London season?
Big Brain: Well--
Fry: Hey, Brain-y! Think fast!
Big Brain: I always think fast.
Ahab: The whale! He be white now!
Fry: Leela, I've got an idea. Stay here with Queequeg.
Leela: Is there Mrs. Queequeg?
Fry: Yes! I'm free! Alright, Brain. Get ready for some electroshock treatment!
Leela: Fry, don't die! Wake up! Nooo!
Fry: Leela cried for her lost love as Fry lay dead under the heavy bookcase. The Big Brain laughed in triumph... Then, for no reason, he left Earth forever. The end. There! [He writes "Fry Trick The Brain" on the cover.] Now he's trapped in a book I wrote; a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors.
Big Brain: The Big Brain am winning again. I am the greetest! Now I am leaving Earth for no raeson!
Nibbler: The Big Brain is defeated. Let what must be done be done.
Leela: Me ... feel ... a bit better in cognitive faculties.
Fry: I did it! [He holds up a book and addresses the "camera".] And it's all thanks to the books at my local library.
Nibbler: And so life returned to normal, or as normal as it gets on this primitive dirtball inhabited by psychotic apes.
Nibbler: Thanks to the effect of the brain rays, the people of Earth had no memory of what had transpired, except Fry, and no one believed him or cared what he had to say.
Nibbler: I, meanwhile, returned to my post, ever vigilant, lest Earth again come under Brain attack. And when that day comes, God help us. God help us all.
Leela: Time for a diap-y change!
Nibbler: End transmission.