Man: Yes! Good thing I noticed the similar shapes.
Hermes: Planet Express stockholders, I present our chief executive officer, Professor Hubert Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Oh!
Amy: There he is!
Hattie: Take it off!
Farnsworth: Where am I?
Hermes: Move forward. Walk into the light.
Farnsworth: Oh, God, I'm dead! Well, no matter. Thank you all for coming. I don't recognise any of you, nor can I recall why I am here. Now, without further ado, a film highlighting Planet Express Inc.'s latest fiscal year.
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] Planet Express is on the move. For this hip, young delivery company, tomorrow is today and today is yesterday. You heard me. It was a year of soaring profits and significant one-time losses.
Fry: Psst! Watching myself work is making me hungry. Help me find some food somewhere.
Zoidberg: I'll not only help you find it, I'll help you do more to it!
Fry: Ooh! A Bot Mitzvah. Shalom, hunger! Shalom, free food!
Robot #1: No shellfish!
Zoidberg: That is so unfair!
Pig: Tell me about it.
Fry: So what's the deal? You guys don't believe in Robot Jesus?
Rabbi-bot: We believe he was built and that he was a very well programmed robot. But he wasn't our Messiah.
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] And so our company flames onwards. Planet Express: Limitless potential, boundless horizons, the unstoppable juggernaut of the corporate universe.
Hermes: It's been a terrible year, people. The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
Leela: But the movie--
Hermes: Was a substantial loss for the company. The blue slice represents the money we earned from shipping packages, while the green slice represents an $8 bank error in our favour.
Leela: This toads the wet sprocket. What about out thousands of shares of stock?
Hermes: Worthless.
Bender: I'll kill you!
Hattie: I own one share of Planet kajiggers so I'm entitled to some answers. Question 1: Why does no one visit me in my home?
Farnsworth: 'Cause your apartment smells like Polygrip and cat pee.
Fry: This is perfect for me.
Zoidberg: Question: Do you have to have been cryogenically frozen to get the free-- You didn't let me finish. I was going to say "to get the free food".
Joe: My name's Joe and I'm a defrostee.
All: Hello, Joe.
Joe: When I was frozen, giant carrots ruled the Earth, but now they don't. It takes some getting used to.
Steve Castle: Back in the 1980's, I was the toast of Wall Street. I was having whiskey with Boesky and cookies with Milken. But then, I was diagnosed with terminal boneitis.
Fry: Boneitis? Pft! That's a funny name for a horrible disease.
Steve Castle: There was no cure at the time. One drug company was close but I arranged a hostile takeover and sold off all the assets. Made a cool hundred mil. Naturally I froze myself until a cure was found. Now here I am, ready to sleaze my way back to the top, 80's style!
Caveman: As a caveman frozen in a glacier, I face different challenges. The hardest thing was seeing my wife on display in the British Museum.
Fry: Hey, buddy, I'm from the same time as you. Remember that song, Safety Dance?
Steve Castle: Sure do! We can dance!
Fry: Y'know, that dance wasn't as safe as they said it was.
Steve Castle: I tell you: Two go-go 80's Reagan-auts like us, we could rule this world!
Fry: No question!
Steve Castle: If only someone would give us a shot.
Fry: They're scared of our raw power. Oh, but if you want a job, I could beg everyone at the company where I work.
Steve Castle: Awesome. Awesome to the max!
Hermes: And finally, the post office meter is for business mail only.
Bender: Aw, come on! I've got a lot of ransom notes to send!
Hattie: Enough talk. It's time for action. I move that everyone come to my apartment to snuggle my cat.
Scruffy: Second.
Farnsworth: I move that your cat stinks and is ugly.
Scruffy: Second.
Hattie: I move that we vote on a new chief executive officer and oust this old creep. And also that make cat smells good and is pretty.
Scruffy: Second.
Hermes: Very well. I nominate the Professor.
Amy: Second.
Leela: Second.
Bender: Second.
Farnsworth: I'm your man.
Leela: I vote my 10,000 shares for the Professor.
Hermes: Yeah, the Professor!
Farnsworth: Me!
Fry: I nominate That Guy. Not just because he has a suit but because he knows about business and stuff and he has a tie. My shares still count if they went through the washing machine, right?
Hermes: Well, if I know anything about which number is bigger than the other number, I'd say that--
Scruffy: Now hold on there. Scruffy votes his 40,000 shares for the mysterious stranger.
Leela: 40,000? How come you have four-times as much stock as the rest of us?
Scruffy: Scruffy believes in this company.
Hermes: Then we have a tie. And in the event of a tie, the Professor, as the current CEO remains--
Hattie: I demand the floor. I may only have one share but I get to vote same as anyone. And I'm voting against the cat-hater. Isn't that right, kitty? Hey! You ate my change!
Hermes: Then it's settled. The new chief executive officer of Planet Express corporation is That Guy.
Hermes: Please welcome our new chief executive officer, That Guy.
Steve Castle: Let's cut to the chase. There are two kinds of people: Sheep and sharks. Anyone who's a sheep is fired. Who's a sheep?
Zoidberg: Uh, excuse me? Which is the one people like to hug?
Steve Castle: Gutsy question. You're a shark. Sharks are winners and they don't look back 'cause they don't have necks. Necks are for sheep. I am proud to be the shepherd of this herd of sharks and I am gonna lead you to the top in this industry of ... of--
Fry: Package delivery.
Steve Castle: Package delivery? Oh, God! Fantastic! Now, the first order of business is to blame everything on the guy before me. Professor?
Farnsworth: I'll ruin you like I ruined this company.
Steve Castle: Terrific. Question number one: What was your overall business plan?
Farnsworth: Um, business plan, uh, yes. I keep it here, right next to my heart.
Steve Castle: This isn't a business plan, it's an escape plan.
Farnsworth: So long, suckers!
Steve Castle: Fry, as a fellow 80's dollar-jockey, I'm making you my new vice chairman.
Fry: I'm rollin' up the corporate ramp.
Zoidberg: It's the end of the line!
Hermes: We're ruined!
Scruffy: What fevered dream is this that bids to tear this company in twain?
Monster: Thank you, come again!
Steve Castle: That's what I call a hostile makeover! Hair gel?
Fry: No, thanks. I make my own.
Steve Castle: This company's gonna shoot straight to the top and stay there, like Cindy Lauper! I ask you: Who is the number one delivery service on Earth?
Zoidberg: Is it Planet Express, master?
Steve Castle: Is this guy a shark, or what? Seriously though, we stink out loud. Here's the big enchirito. Mom's Friendly Delivery Company.
Hermes: We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil. Ours is small and neutral.
Steve Castle: Switzerland is small and neutral. We're more like Germany; ambitious and misunderstood.
Amy: Look, everyone wants to be like Germany but do we really have the pure strength of will?
Steve Castle: I say we do! Now are we gonna let ourselves get beaten by an old lady?
Zoidberg: Yes, my liege!
Fry: No, we're not. And as vice chairman, I believe I speak for the entire board when I issue this challenge to Mom. Look at my butt!
Mom: You call that a pressed ham? Walt, hit the retaliate button.
Walt: Uh ... um ... hmm ... let's see.
Mom: Any button! They all retaliate!
Fry: Woo! Yeah! Hit him, hit him, hit him! Now this is the high life; watching apes mangle each other near celebrities.
Steve Castle: In my day we went to coke parties but the principle's the same.
Calculon: Get your stinkin' trike off me, you damn dirty ape.
Steve Castle: Listen, big guy, now that you're my protg, it's time I cut you in on the secret to success. Any guesses?
Fry: Uh, work really, really hard?
Steve Castle: No.
Fry: Oh, thank God!
Steve Castle: It's all about appearances. That's why it's time to update our company's stodgy image and give it the sleek, dazzling veneer of the 1980's!
Fry: This company's on the fast track to the "It" list. Blast back kudos all around!
Leela: Uh, hello? We haven't made one delivery since you two took over.
Steve Castle: Delivery has nothing to do with the delivery business. Image, people, image! Scope out this new ad!
Mom: [on screen; in movie] We are all one, with one mind, one purpose and one act. Our enemies shall be eaten by squirrels. We shall bow down and worship to ourselves. We shall prevail!
Man: Hey! We were watching that!
Leela: That was terrible! People won't even know what we do.
Bender: I don't even know what we do. Nah, just kidding! What are, like, a bus or something?
Leela: Did you approve that awful ad, Fry?
Fry: Yes I did, Leels. And I'll tell you why. Because it grows the brand.
Leela: Oh, Lord!
Zoidberg: This company's circling the drain, I tell you. I'd sell my stock right now for a sandwich!
Steve Castle: Sold!
Zoidberg: A complete sangwich? You got fleeced! I would have settled for a hard roll with ketchup inside!
Mom: What is this moose drip? [She opens the magazines and holograms of Fry and Steve Castle wearing crowns appear under the headline "The New Delivery Kings?".] The new delivery kings? I'm sick of hearing about those turtle squirts!
Igner: But they're kings, Mommy!
Mom: Jam a bastard in it, you crap!
Elzar: Enjoy our private dining room, folks. This is where we serve our richest, most successful chumps!
Fry: Tonight, that's us!
Steve Castle: What have you got that's really overpriced?
Elzar: Everything.
Steve Castle: Bring me that.
Fry: Make it two. And a glass of all your water.
Steve Castle: OK, let's work on your execu-speak. I'm worried about "blank".
Fry: Don't you worry about "blank". Let me worry about "blank".
Steve Castle: Good. I also would have accepted, "Blank? Blank? You're not looking at the big picture!"
Fry: What a pleasant surprise!
Mom: Shut up, booger blaster! It's time the three of us had a talk.
Steve Castle: I'll handle this, Fry. You get back to the farm, shift some paradigms, revolutionise outside the box.
Fry: I'm on it. But if you need me, you know where I'll be.
Fry: Call me a "booger blaster"! I'll blast a booger so hard that--
Leela: Fry, we're worried about Planet Express.
Fry: Don't you worry about Planet Express. Let me worry about "blank".
Hermes: That Guy is nothing but a flashy con man! And you've been hypnotised by his swinging baloney!
Leela: You've changed, Fry.
Fry: What? I haven't changed. Suz? Have I changed?
Suz: No, sir, Mr. Fry.
Fry: Thanks, doll.
Leela: I don't care what Ms. Johnson says. That Guy's turning this place into some kind of business.
Farnsworth: This isn't a business. I've always thought of it more as a source of cheap labour, like a family.
Fry: You're right, Professor. We might not be a traditional family like the Murphy's next door or the lesbian coven across the street. But we are a family and That Guy understands that.
Steve Castle: Everyone's fired and we're out of business.
Amy: Oh, no!
Hermes: How?
Steve Castle: I'm gonna sell Planet Express to Mom so she can gut the company and eliminate us as competitors.
Mom: Don't let the door hit you on the way out, 'cause I don't want ass prints on my new door!
Fry: Uh, Ms. Johnson? Please bring in some more chair fuel.
Fry: I had no idea the company would be sold. I was just an innocent suck-up. You've gotta believe me!
Leela: Just leave us alone and let us clear out our lockers.
Bender: Yeah!
Amy: It's so sad, where will I go? What will I do?
Lackey: You have Mrs. Darlinghaven's cotillion at 7, ma'am.
Amy: Oh. That'll be fun.
Fry: Ms. Johnson, you've never lied to me. Am I still a good person?
Suz: I don't know, sir. I'm a program built into the intercom.
Fry: I've got to redeem myself. Somehow, sometime, for some reason. I'll block this takeover!
Suz: Mr. Fry, your two o'clock magician is here.
Fry: Believe it or not, I have more important things to do today than laugh and clap my hands. Reschedule.
Broker-bot #1: Sell 100 soylent beans!
Broker-bot #2: Buy 3,000 cornbellies!
Broker-bot #3: 200 canned whoop-ass!
Broker-bot #1: Three big bags of trash!
Jor-El: Attention, please. The takeover of PlanEx Corp. by Mom's Delivery Company will take place in the business centre in 10 minutes. I am Jor-El, master of scheduling!
Steve Castle: OK. We've got the hot tub hot, the wine cooler's cool. It's Hammer time!
Bender: You suck!
Mom: According to regulations, both companies must approve the takeover. Planet Express shareholders, cast your votes.
Hermes: Great Bonda of Uganda! We can vote against it!
Bender: I'll vote it down like a raise for school teachers!
Bender: What the--?
Hattie: How the--?
Amy: Oh, no!
Steve Castle: I neglected to mention that the shares I bought from Dr. Zoidberg gave me majority control.
Leela: Zoidberg owned 51% of the company?
Hermes: The shares were worthless and he kept asking for toilet paper.
Mom: And now if Momcorp shareholders will cast their ballots.
Igner: Um ... uh... [He votes and a new total for "Pat Buchanan" appears. Larry and Walt glare at him.] Uh, the ballot was confusing.
Mom: How about a hand recount?
Igner: OK. Ow!
Mom: The takeover of Planet Express is approved.
Amy: This stinks!
Lackey: Madam is outraged.
Steve Castle: Security, I want that bunch of rowdies outta here.
Bender: Hold on a minute!
Scruffy: Hey! Hey!
Mom: Momcorp will now purchase all outstanding shares of Planet Express at the current market price, which is:
Jor-El: 107.
Bender: Ow! And also it hurt my feelings!
Horrible Gelatinous Stockbroker: What are you solids griping about? Your shares are worth $107 apiece.
Leela: They are? Oh, my God! I'm a millionaire! Suddenly I have an opinion about that capital gains tax!
Bender: Yeah! Alright!
Amy: I'm even richer!
Zoidberg: Oh! I have no shares! Wait! My sangwich! Has it also appreciated in value? Please, oh, please!
Hermes: You didn't even refrigerate it, you spineless lobster!
Zoidberg: You had to drag spines into this!
Fry: As vice chairman of Planet Express, I'd like to say a few words. There comes a time for every man who becomes rich and deserts his friends, when he goes back how it was. For me, that time is now.
Fry: So I ask you, as a friend, won't you stop this deal?
Steve Castle: Fry, I'm an 80's guy. Friendship to me means that for two bucks I'd beat you with a pool cue till you got detached retinas. The deal will go ahead as-- My bones!
Fry: Oh, my God! His boneitis!
Steve Castle: I was so busy being an 80's guy, I forgot to cure it. My only regret is ... that I have ... boneitis!
Fry: He's dead.
Mom: Pry out his fillings, feed him to the jackals and let's get on with the sale.
Fry: I don't think so. 'Cause, as vice chairman of the company, I gain voting control of his shares.
Mom: Don't be a fool, you idiot!
Fry: I'll be whatever I wanna do! That Guy was the greatest businessman that ever lived. And before his mysterious death, he taught me everything he knew. But some things I had to learn myself. I learned that money is fine but in the end what counts is people ... ... people you love. You can't put a price on that. So I'm giving up control of the company ... ... to a man of enormous experience ... ... Professor ... ... Hubert Farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Oh, uh, what? I'm awake, I'm awake!
Bender: Fry! Stop doing the right thing, you jerk!
Leela: Let Mom buy the company! We all wanna be filthy, stinking rich!
Zoidberg: Trust me, two out of three doesn't cut it!
Fry: You mean you'd rather be rich than work together?
Leela: Hell, yeah!
Fry: In my whole life, this company was the only place I'd ever really felt at home. If being millionaires is more important to you than our--
Bender: It is!
Fry: Friendship, then I'll sell Planet Express, for you.
Hattie: "Millionaires" nothing! The stock's only worth three kajiggers!
Bender: Oh, come on!
Hermes: My Jah! It's worth less now than when it was worthless!
Fry: It is? Yahoo! We're poor no matter what I do! The deal is off!
Zoidberg: Aha! Once again the conservative sangwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor! Oh! I'm ruined. Why? Why?
Fry: Look, so we're not millionaires. At least we all still get to work together.
Bender: Shut your fat mouth!
Fry: See you guys Monday!