Shatner: Shatner's log, airdate ... unknown.
Shatner: The impossible has happened. It would take days to recount the events I have witnessed. So, settle in. It all began--
Zapp: Quiet, you! This court martial is now in session. The honourably sexy Zapp Brannigan residing. Bring in the accused.
Takei: Oh, my!
Zapp: Philip J. Fry, you stand accused of travelling to the forbidden planet, Omega 3, a crime punishable by 12 concurrent death sentences. Do you understand the charges?
Kif: One beep for "yes", two beeps for "no".
Zapp: "Yes". So noted. Do you plead guilty? Double "yes". Guilty! I will now carry out the punishment. Kif, my gun.
Leela: Wait! He pled "not guilty".
Zapp: Order! Order in the court! Very well then, Mr. Fry. Please recount the events that led you to be guilty.
Leela: The Professor said he was taking a brief nap, so we only have time for six movies.
Bender: Let's take these six Jim Carrey movies and record over them.
Fry: You know what movies average out to be really good? The first six Star Trek movies!
Clerk: Everybody hit the deck!
Leela: Sh! Those words are forbidden!
Fry: What words? Star Trek?
Leela: Sh!
Zoidberg: Shut your gills!
Bender: That sound! It's patrol car 718! Hide him!
Zapp: The court is intrigued. Perhaps we could hear more about these forbidden words from someone with a sexily seductive voice.
Takei: With pleasure. You see, the show was banned after the Star Trek wars.
Zapp: You mean the vast migration of Star Wars fans?
Nichols: No, that was the Star Wars trek. By the 23rd century, Star Trek fandom had evolved from a loose association of nerds with skin problems into a full-blown religion.
Priest: And Scotty beamed them to the Klingon ship where they would be no Tribble at all.
Congregation: [chanting; on TV] All power to the engines.
Nichols: As country after country fell under its influence, world leaders became threatened by the movements power. [In Berlin a sign is unveiled saying "Welcome To Nazi Planet Episode Land. Formerly Germany".] And so the Trekkies were executed in the manner most befitting virgins.
Man: He's dead, Jim! He's dead, Jim! He's dead, Jim!
Nichols: Finally, the sacred texts were banned.
Takei: The last copies of the 79 episodes and six movies were dumped on the forbidden world, Omega 3, along with that blooper reel where the door doesn't close all the way.
Nimoy: Thus, Star Trek was forever scoured from human memory.
Bender: Another classic science-fiction show cancelled before its time.
Zapp: I've never heard of such a brutal and shocking injustice that I cared so little about. Next witness.
Kif: Bender the robot, please take the stand.
Fry: She's all yours, buddy!
Bender: I'd only met the defendant, Fry, once, but I knew he was up to no good.
Zapp: Please use the beeps.
Fry: Mr. Nimoy, I came as soon as I heard what happened centuries ago. I can't believe your show was banned.
Nimoy: I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Fry: You know. 1966? 79 episodes, about 30 good ones.
Nimoy: Oh, really, I've done too many things to remember one particular TV series. But if-if you want to discuss my books of poetry--
Fry: Come on! Remember that episode where you got high on spores and smacked Kirk around?
Nimoy: No. Perhaps you're thinking of my one man show about Vincent van Spock-- Uh, uh, I mean van Gogh! Damn!
Fry: Aha! You can't escape it!
Nimoy: Oh, you're right, I can't.
Fry: Uh, jeez, don't get upset. I mean, OK, I outwitted you, but--
Nimoy: No, it's my fellow cast members. 300 years ago they left Earth behind.
Shatner: This planet doesn't appreciate us anymore, Leonard.
Nimoy: Bill, you are, and always shall be, my friend. But I just signed a six-month lease on my apartment. I can't walk away from a commitment like that.
Shatner: Very well, my friend.
Nimoy: Why did the world turn it's back on our obvious greatness?
Fry: I'm literally angry with rage! Your co-stars may be gone but we can still get those episode tapes back for the whole world to see. Come on!
Nimoy: Oh!
Frakes: Yes! Front row!
Leela: You can't go to Omega 3; it's forbidden! I forbid you!
Fry: But we have to! The world needs Star Trek to give people hope for the future.
Leela: But it's set 800 years in the past!
Bender: Yeah, why is this so important to you?
Fry: 'Cause it-it taught me so much. Like how you should accept people, whether they be black, white, Klingon or even female. But most importantly, when I didn't have any friends, it made me feel like maybe I did.
Leela: Well, that is touchingly pathetic. I guess I can't let you go alone.
Bender: I'll go too, with Leonard's permission, of course.
Leela: We're entering the Omega system.
Computer Voice: Warning: You are now in forbidden space.
Bender: Forbidden shmer-shmidden! What are they gonna do, write a letter? Ooh, I'm so scared!
Leela: I've lost control of the ship!
Fry: Oh, dip!
Nimoy: Dip, indeed!
Fry: It's all stuff from that forbidden show.
Nimoy: So many cardboard sets, so many memories. If only the others--
Shatner: I guess that's my cue.
Nimoy: Bill!
Shatner: L-Dog!
Nimoy: Hey! This is wonderful!
Shatner: Oh, man.
Nimoy: I feel like hugging you.
Shatner: Well I would except you have no body! And we're both men.
Nimoy: Nichelle! George! Walter! DeForest! Welshie!
Fry: Welshie?
Nichols: We did some musical reunion specials in the 2200's but the guy who played Scotty had trouble yodelling.
Takei: Ever since then, Welshie has been a welcome participant in our escapades.
Fry: I can't believe it! How'd you all end up here?
Shatner: We were on our way to Welshie's cousin's house to stay in the guest room when our ship was pulled down to this planet and crashed, just like yours.
Koenig: When we woke up, we had these bodies.
Fry: Say it in Russian!
Koenig: Ven vee voke up vee had these wodies.
Fry: Now say "nuclear wessels"!
Koenig: No!
Takei: You'll love it here. Everything is provided for us, and we never age. Check out these abs!
Bender: Yowza!
Leela: But who's doing all this for you?
Shatner: You know, we never thought about it. We're famous celebrities -- we're used to this sort of treatment.
Melllvar: It is I!
Bender: Whoa! What a cheesy effect!
Melllvar: I am not an effect! You doubt my power?
Bender: I do.
Welshie: Aye!
Fry: Welshie!
Zapp: This court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court's ex-lover, Turanga Leela.
Leela: Go yourself.
Melllvar: Behold another power, different from the one you saw earlier.
Nimoy: Hey, a body! Buff, tan. Yeah, this is mine, alright!
Fry: Alright, you gas, what's the deal?
Melllvar: Centuries ago, the videotaped adventures of the Enterprise crew rained down upon my planet. Over and over, I watched them. Especially the five with the energy beings. I am Melllvar! Seer of the tapes, knower of the episodes! Tremble before my encyclopaedic knowledge of Star Trek!
Fry: Tremble? I laugh. Nobody knows more about Star Trek than me!
Melllvar: I beg to differ. Long have I waited for the one who played Spock. At last, we can begin.
Fry: Cool! A Star Trek convention!
Nimoy: Uh, Melllvar, can you give us some idea of how long this is going to last?
Melllvar: Until time stops.
Leela: What?
Shatner: He can't do this!
Nimoy: You can't be serious!
Melllvar: Now, we have a full schedule of events--
Bender: Uh, can people who hate Star Trek leave?
Koenig: Good question!
Melllvar: No, you have to stay even longer.
Melllvar: Um, uh, sign it to Melllvar. "Melllvar" has three "L's".
Takei: I think I've done enough conventions to know how to spell "Melllvar".
Bender: Say "nerd"!
All: Nerd!
Shatner: I'm Slim Shady,
Yes, I'm the real Shady,
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating,
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up,
Please stand up.
Koenig: How can you do a spoken-word version of a rap song?
Melllvar: He found a way.
Leela: For one hundred quatloos: Who did the captain maroon on Ceti Alpha V?
Shatner: Khaaan!
Fry: Uh ... Khan?
Leela: Correct.
Melllvar: My button has broken. The trivia contest has ended. I-I now have a surprise. You will perform a fan script, written by the ultimate Trek fan.
Fry: You have my fan script?
Melllvar: I meant me! Melllvar is the ultimate fan!
Fry: Oh, I was confused because the scoreboard says something different.
Melllvar: Trivia contest over! Take your scripts! We have limited rehearsal time. Now, I didn't make enough copies of the script, so George and Walter will have to share.
Leela: Uh, you probably don't want us to see you rehearsing, or it'll give away the ending.
Melllvar: That's right! The ending must not be ruined.
Leela: We'll go wait in the ship.
Melllvar: OK.
Fry: Not till I get my 600 quatloos!
Fry: This is wrong. We shouldn't have abandoned them there.
Bender: I dunno, I'm feeling pretty good about it.
Leela: I didn't wanna leave them either, Fry, but what are we supposed to do?
Fry: Well, usually on the show someone would come up with a complicated plan then explain it with a simple analogy.
Leela: Hmm. If we can re-route engine power through the primary weapons and reconfigure them to Melllvar's frequency, that should overload his electro-quantum structure.
Bender: Like putting too much air in a balloon!
Fry: Of course! It's so simple!
Shatner: Alas, my ship, whom I love like a woman, is ... disabled. Oh, Lord!
Nimoy: Fascinating, Captain, and logical too, that we need some help.
Takei: Look, Captain, Melllvar will help us.
Koenig: Keptin, I wope he will welp our ... vessel.
Melllvar: Wessel! You're not acting hard enough!
Nimoy: Melllvar, you have to respect your actors. When I directed Star Trek IV I got a magnificent performance out of Bill because I respected him so much.
Shatner: And when I directed Star Trek V I got a magnificent performance out of me, because I respected me so much!
Bender: OK! I'm done re-kafoobling the energy motron ... or whatever.
Leela: Fire!
Nichols: My, what a handsome energy creature you are. I love you. Hey, you wrote it!
Leela: It's not working! He's drawing straight from our weapons.
Fry: Like a balloon and ... something bad happens.
Bender: Yup!
Leela: So, uh, how's rehearsal going?
Melllvar: Lousy. Here I've been admiring a bunch of actors while you, a crew of genuine space heroes, risked your lives to save them.
Nimoy: Hey! We've done heroic things too.
Nichols: Yeah! In the third season I kissed Shatner!
Melllvar: Silence! My whole world has turned upside-down. I have but one option.
Koenig: Keep them and let us go?
Melllvar: No! To determine who is more worthy of my fanatical devotion I shall pit you together against each other in armed combat ... to the death!
Bender: Where'd you get an idiotic idea like that?
Melllvar: Episodes 19, 46, 56 and 77.
Fry: Great list. Except, you forgot episode 66!
Melllvar: I was getting to that one!
Zapp: So Melllvar ordered a battle to the death. I assume no one survived.
Leela: Can we get on with this? My foot's getting tired!
Melllvar: This will be your standard battle to the death. The only weapons: Whatever you can find. But I warn you, do nothing until I have signalled the start of combat. OK, start.
Koenig: I don't have much experience at fighting -- except with you guys.
Shatner: I have an idea. Wasn't there an episode where I threw my shoe at the enemy?
Nimoy: You mean Doohan?
Shatner: Whoever it was, I did it like this.
Takei: Ow!
Shatner: My foot's cold!
Leela: There. We can make these into spears.
Fry: And we can tie these caterpillars together to make bow strings for bows and arrows.
Bender: And we can use this machine gun to shoot them! Yee-haw! That was fun!
Nichols: What if I distract them with my famous fan dance?
Shatner: Oh, that's good, good, good, good. And then, George, you give them a karate chop!
Takei: I find that offensive. Just because I'm of Japanese ancestry you assume I know karate. Have I ever led you to believe I've studied karate?
Shatner: Well, no, but you never talk about yourself.
Takei: Maybe if you showed a little interest.
Fry: Well, here goes nothing.
Nichols: Hello, boys!
Bender: Whoa!
Takei: Hi-yah!
Shatner: There's no right way to hit a woman.
Leela: Then do it the wrong way.
Shatner: Fine. Yah!
Leela: Is that all you've got? Hi-yah!
Shatner: See you in h--
Bender: Come on, Walter!
Nimoy: Take that!
Fry: It hurts!
Nimoy: Let's see if this actually works! Hm. Ow! Ow! Ow!
Koenig: My face!
Takei: Ow! My face too!
Shatner: May I? Oh!
Melllvar: Excellent! Excellent!
Shatner: Leela, please. This is exactly what Melllvar wants. We're just pawns in his diabolical game of checkers. Can't we resolve our differences some other way?
Melllvar's Mother: Melllvar! Dinner time!
Melllvar: Aw, but Mom, I'm playing with my collectables!
Melllvar's Mother: Now!
Fry: All this time we thought he was a powerful super-being, yet he was just a child.
Melllvar's Mother: He's not a child, he's 34!
Bender: Alright, Koenig, I've wanted to do this for years!
Fry: Bender, wait! This is our chance to escape, before Melllvar comes back. But we all need to work together.
Shatner: I love you so much!
Nimoy: Hello?
Fry: We've decided to work together.
Nimoy: Uh, so did they.
Shatner: Now, how do we escape?
Leela: We can't use our ship; we have life support but the engines are wrecked.
Takei: Ironic, because our engines work but our life support systems don't.
Leela: Hey, if your engines work--
Takei: And your life support systems work--
Fry: Stop! You're just goin' around in circles! Think, Fry, think! Everyone's depending on you.
Leela: We're too heavy. You guys need to lose some weight, fast!
Fry: Look, Leonard, we're light enough to keep the tapes! Isn't that great?
Nimoy: I'm living in a gefilte fish jar.
Fry: We did it!
Fry: Melllvar's got a spaceship!
Melllvar: Yes, in mint condition. And you made me take it out of the package!
Leela: The Nimbus! We're saved!
Zapp: You're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded.
Zapp: So I boarded you, eh? What happened next?
Leela: You started this stupid court martial. Now if you don't mind, we're still fighting Melllvar!
Leela: One more hit and we're done for!
Takei: Let's take 'em out with us. Do you guys have a self-destruct code? Like "destruct sequence 1-A, 2-B, 3--"
Bender: Thanks a lot, Takei, now everybody knows!
Melllvar: If I can't have the original cast of Star Trek, no one will! Prepare to die!
Fry: Wait! If they mean that much to you, why do you wanna kill them?
Melllvar: Because I ... I ... I dunno what I'd do without them.
Fry: Melllvar, you can't let a TV show be your whole life. You can do anything you want. Look at Walter Koenig: After Star Trek, he became an actor.
Koenig: Not just an actor, but a well-rounded person, with my own friends and credit cards and keys.
Melllvar: Well, I guess I could move out of my parents' basement ... maybe get a temp job.
Fry: Whoa, whoa! One step at a time.
Melllvar: I thank you, Fry. You know, you and I are of a kind. In a different reality I could have called you "friend".
Fry: Episode 10, Balance of Terror.
Melllvar: More like episode nine, loser! In your face! Victory is mine!
Shatner: I wonder, my friends, was he really such an evil energy gas?
Nichols: He did give us eternal youth.
Koenig: 24-hour Laundromat.
Takei: A full assortment of rum, both spiced and regular.
Nimoy: Truly, it was a paradise.
Fry: And all you had to put up with was one really annoying Star Trek fan.
Shatner: Let's get the hell outta here!