Bender: Huh? [He scratches his ass and looks at some signs on Fry's bedroom door. "No Trespassing", "Keep Out", "Private", "Keep Out Bender" and a picture of Bender with a cross through it.] I choose to not understand these signs.
Bender: Aha!
Fry: Bender? I was just not playing the holophonor.
Bender: Yeah, well you should try not stinking at it.
Fry: I am trying. I've been taking lessons.
Bender: Lessons? Oh, that's rich! Isn't it time you gave up all hope of ever improving yourself in any way?
Fry: I know I should but I just can't. Remember when I had those stomach worms that made me smart? I could play the holophonor and it made Leela like me. Hey, Bender, as long as you know, I have a holophonor recital Tuesday. I'd really like to have somebody there. Please?
Bender: Fine, I'll go already. Y'know, sometimes I wish your real parents were still alive. Not often, though.
Bender: Whoa! Hey!
Fry: Uh, hello, Mrs. Mellonger.
Mrs. Mellonger: Hello, Philip. And you must be Mr. Bender. Philip's told me so much about you. Is it true that you're a robot?
Bender: I prefer the term "love machine".
Bender: Wow! Your kid is great. How hard did you say you had to hit him?
Mother: Fairly hard.
Fry: The Grumpy Snail. Sorry!
Boy: It's too grumpy!
Fry: Ow! No! Quit it! Stop!
Mrs. Mellonger: Mr. Bender, I simply cannot teach your child.
Bender: Then good day, madam! We hope to see you soon for tea.
Fry: It's hopeless! I can hear all this great music in my head but my stupid hands can't keep up.
Bender: Aww. You know what always cheers me up? Laughing at other people's misfortunes.
Leela: Hey, guys. You missed a great delivery to Space Earth. Where you been all afternoon?
Fry: At, uh, uh, a concert.
Leela: Ooh! Was it jazz noodling? My ex-boyfriend Sean played the sax. I used to listen for hours while he sat naked on my couch and improvised.
Bender: So musicians really Rodger your Hammerstein, huh?
Leela: Yeah, it's weird; Sean was uneducated, unambitious. He was pastey and hunched--
Fry: Pretty boy.
Leela: But when he played I could sense this incredible, beautiful creative soul. Then one day I found someone else's couch fibres on his butt. I couldn't believe it. I was really...
Fry: That could be my beautiful soul sitting naked on her couch if I could just learn to play this stupid thing.
Bender: Oh, but you can. Though you may have to metaphorically make a "deal with the devil". And by "devil" I mean "Robot Devil". And by "metaphorically" I mean "get your coat".
Robot Devil: You hit a sour note about 200 years back, Doug! Let's take it from the top. Ah, Bender, Fry. You've come back for more eternal damnation.
Bender: No, this isn't a religious visit. Fry just wants holophonor lessons.
Fry: Yep. I need to get really good without practising.
Robot Devil: Hell is full of ten-year-olds who wanted exactly the same thing. Trouble is, you have what my old music teacher, Mrs. Mellonger, calls "stupid fingers". With hands like that you'll be lucky to master a belt buckle. Now wouldn't it be nice if you had a pair of robot hands to replace them?
Fry: Sure would. Oh, well. Goodbye.
Bender: Fry, you smelly idiot, I think he's willing to make some kind of deal with the devil with you.
Fry: He-He-He is? Great! Wait, what's the catch?
Robot Devil: No catch. I'll merely pick a robot at random from somewhere in the universe, probably one you've never even met, and then I'll remove his hands and switch them for yours. It's just the sort of guy I am. What do you say?
Fry: I don't know. It doesn't seem entirely moral to--
Bender: Fry, if you don't take this offer right now I will lose all respect for you and punch you.
Fry: Well, alright. You sure I probably won't know him?
Robot Devil: Definitely probably not. Just sign this contract.
Bender: Wow!
Robot Devil: And here we go!
Bender: I got a hundred bucks on Rectal-Exambot!
Fry: Robot Devil? I get your hands? Zam!
Robot Devil: Oh, what an appallingly ironic outcome.
Bender: It's not ironic, it's just coincidental. Now fork over those lady-fingers, Cookie!
Robot Devil: Y'know, I only put my name on there as a show of good faith for the other robots.
Fry: Stop being such a baby and chop my hands off.
Robot Devil: Oh, very well.
Fry: How'd you do that?
Robot Devil: They're very good hands.
Fry: At last! At last I have the power to make Leela love me.
Robot Devil: Oh, sorry. That'll wear off in a couple of days.
Fry: Check it out, everyone. I'm back from hell and I've got the Robot Devil's hands.
Amy: Neat! Let's see a trick.
Fry: Alrighty!
Scruffy: Somebody called the Robot Devil's here to see somebody called Fry.
Fry: Uh-oh.
Bender: Where'd I go just now?
Robot Devil: Hello, Fry. Just dropped by to make sure you're as happy with our little deal as I am. Give me back my hands! These things are always touching me in places.
Fry: Yeah, they get around! But I'm afraid we had a deal.
Robot Devil: Looks like I wasted a bus trip.
Fry: Yes, you did.
Grumpy Snail: Yes. Now you can hear holophonor virtuoso Philip Fry play 900 of these classic themes in your own home on this two-record set. That's over 30 minutes of music for only $14.99.
Zoidberg: Only $14.99 for a two-record set. Two records! Oh, Zoidberg, at last you're becoming a crafty consumer!
Man: Hello?
Zoidberg: Hello? I'll take eight!
Scruffy: Mr. Hedonismbot to see you.
Fry: Uh, show him in.
Scruffy: Very good, sir.
Hedonismbot: Ah, Fry. Congratulations. Your latest performance was as delectable as dipping my bottom over and over into a bath of the silkiest oils and creams.
Fry: Thank you, sir. That's exactly what I was going for.
Hedonismbot: You were the sole diversion in what has been a pale and unamusing season. And so I would fain commission you write an opera.
Fry: But I've never written an opera.
Hedonismbot: And I've never heard one. Still, if you can keep me amused through the overture I shall consider it a smashing success.
Fry: But I wouldn't even know what to write about. Unless... OK, I'll do it. If I can make it about Leela.
Leela: Me? Really?
Hedonismbot: A man writing an opera about a woman? Oh, sirrah, how deliciously absurd! I shall see you at the premiere.
Leela: Is it part of the opera?
Fry: Leela! You shouldn't be listening. I don't want you to hear it till it's done.
Leela: But it's so beautiful.
Fry: So's a peacock but you don't eat it until it's cooked. This has to be perfect. I want you to hear exactly what I hear when I think about you.
Leela: Oh, Fry. All this time you've had this incredible gift and I never knew. I've been a fool. A fully-justified, prudent fool. They're so cold.
Robot Devil: [shouting; from street] And yet hell is so hot! Can I have my hands back now?
Fry: No!
Robot Devil: [shouting; from street] You're not nice!
Robot Devil: Ah, Bender, this is a surprise! For you! Finding me in the refrigerator.
Bender: True, but at least I don't have the hiccups anymore. What up?
Robot Devil: Oh, well it so happens I'm in the mood to make a deal with you.
Bender: Forget it! You can't tempt me.
Robot Devil: Really? There's nothing you want?
Bender: Hm. I forgot you could tempt me with things I want. Well, I suppose I've always wondered what it would be like to be more annoying.
Robot Devil: Nothing simpler! And all I ask in return is your hands. To replace these bony hotdogs!
Bender: Grabby and Squeezy? Never! I love these guys!
Robot Devil: Well is there anything else you would part with?
Bender: No. Nothing. Ain't gonna happen.
Bender: Yes! With this built-in stadium airhorn I can really annoy people. And all it cost me was my crotch-plate.
Robot Devil: You certainly are a shrewd businessman, Bender. Now find someone and give 'em a good blast!
Bender: Yeah! That'll teach the first person I see a lesson.
Robot Devil: Ah, my ridiculously circuitous plan is one-quarter complete!
Leela: Well, Fry's opera premiere's tomorrow night. I'm off to find a pair of formal gloves that'll fit over my enormous forearms.
Bender: Pretty annoying, huh, Leela?
Leela: What? Are you talking? Oh, God! I'm deaf!
Bender: Oops. I'm so, so sorry, Leela. I just wanted to annoy you.
Leela: What? Oh, this is horrible. I won't be able to hear Fry's opera.
Robot Devil: Ah, how delightfully ironic.
Bender: It's not ironic, it's just mean. Take this!
Robot Devil: Ooh! Out of aerosol? Also ironic!
Bender: Oh, yeah? Well bite my shiny metal-- Oh, nooo!
Leela: Nobody tell Fry I'm deaf. If he found out I couldn't hear his opera, it'd break his heart.
Bender: OK, deaf-o!
Hedonismbot: Courtesans and gentle fops, I bid you welcome to my opera. Let us cavort like the Greeks of old. You know the ones I mean.
Leela: Yay, Fry!
Zoidberg: I watch TV with that guy!
Holo-Vogel: Who is this one-eyed female baby Moses,
With courage in her female baby smile?
Holo-Orphans: A saviour from the stars,
Or something stranger still.
Holo-Leela: Or just a lonely, filthy, starving child.
Leela: Amy, Fry's looking at me. What am I s'posed to be feeling? [Amy opens a box of "Emotion Flashcards" and takes out one of the hardhat guy crying.] Ah!
Holo-Bender: Leela! Leela, Leela save him!
Save Fry, save Fry,
Godzilla will devour him,
As for me,
I must be off,
To have my doctor check this cough, Goodbye!
Bender: I don't recall ever fighting Godzilla, but that is so what I would have done.
Amy: One diet double Martini, please.
Bartender: And for you, sir?
Hermes: I'll just have a Shirley Hemple.
Tinny Tim: Extra! Extra! World's greatest opera only half over.
Leela: Half over? Oh, I'd give anything to hear the rest.
Robot Devil: Anything? Thank you, sir. Now, as I was saying, anything? Because I can give you new robotic ears!
Leela: What? You can give me new ears? Wait. What seemingly reasonable thing do you want in return?
Robot Devil: Just your hands, my dear.
Leela: Whatever you said, forget it!
Robot Devil: Alright then, just one hand.
Leela: Just ... my left hand? Um, uh--
Announcer: Please take your seats for act two.
Hedonismbot: But I'm not done vomiting.
Leela: I can't stand it! OK. You can have my hand.
Robot Devil: Wonderful! Just sign here. Calculon, old friend, I'm afraid I need your ears.
Calculon: Well I do owe you for giving me this unholy acting talent.
Leela: I can hear! I can hear like a safecracker! Hey, aren't you gonna take my hand?
Robot Devil: In good time. You go enjoy the opera.
Holo-Fry: To win Leela's heart with the holophonors art,
I need hands of transcendental quickness.
Holo-Robot Devil: Well I don't see any danger,
In gambling with a stranger,
For my head is of a most amazing thickness.
Holo-Robot Devil: I'm stupid, I'm stupid,
I'm stupider than you,
I'm stupider than you in every way.
Robot Devil: Stupider? Pah! This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry.
Fry: Look, what do you want?
Robot Devil: I want my hands back.
Fry: Never! A deal's a deal,
Even with a dirty dealer.
Robot Devil: Very well,
Then I'll take what I want from Leela.
Leela: Whoa!
Robot Devil: Leela has promised me her hand.
Leela: Fry, you do not understand.
Leela: I should have revealed I've been deafened by Bender,
The shame,
The shame,
But I feared you'd stop writing this musical splendour,
Deception's the curse of my whimsical gender,
He gave me mechanical ears,
Effective though just a bit garish,
In return without shedding a tear,
I agreed that I'd give him my hand--
Robot Devil: In marriage!
Leela: What?
Robot Devil: You'd give me your hand in marriage.
Hermes: Is this really happening or just being staged?
Farnsworth: It can't be real--
Amy: Not if Leela is engaged.
Leela: That isn't what I meant,
That isn't what I signed.
Robot Devil: You should have checked the wording in the fine... Print.
Leela: I'll give you my hand...
Leela: and In marriage.
Bender: The use of words expressing something other than their literal intention,
Now that is "irony".
Robot Devil: I will marry her now and confine her to hell,
How droll,
How droll!
Where Styx is a river,
And not just a band,
Though they'll play our reception if all goes as planned,
Unless, Fry, you surrender my hands!
Fry: Destiny has cheated me,
By forcing me to decide upon,
The woman that I idolise,
Or the hands of an automaton,
Without these hands I can't complete,
The opera that was captivating her,
But if I keep them,
And she marries him,
Then he probably won't want me dating her.
Nixon: Arooo!
Zapp: Bray-vo! Enn-core!
Farnsworth: I can't believe the devil is so unforgiving.
Zoidberg: I can't believe everybody's just ad-libbing!
Preacherbot: By the power vested in me,
By the state of New New York--
Fry: No! Stop! Take my hands! You evil, metal dork!
Hedonismbot: Surgery in an opera? How wonderfully decadent and just as I was beginning to lose interest. Jombey! The chocolate icing! Oh! Oh, my!
Fry: My hands. My horrible human hands. And what did you do to my nails?
Robot Devil: I cleaned them. Now, if you'll excuse me, it's my poker night and I feel lucky. So it's back to hell for me. Come on, Nixon!
Nixon: Huh?
Hedonismbot: Less reality, more fantasy. Resume the opera.
Fry: But I can't play anymore.
Zoidberg: Yes you can! The beauty was in your heart, not your hands. [Fry picks the holophonor up and plays a bad tune. A crude holo-scene forms. A crude Holo-Fry and Holo-Leela walk out of some houses and stare at each other. The audience "boos".] The music's bad and you should feel bad.
Fry: Whoa! Hey!
Tinny Tim: Extra! Extra! Greatest opera of all time sucks.
Zoidberg: I'll take eight!
Leela: Please don't stop playing, Fry. I wanna hear how it ends.