
Bender: I can't remember anything except a blinding light and a searing ass pain. I better check my black box. BENDER: "The light! It's blinding! And the ass pain! It's searing!" So that's what happened.
Amy: Hey, Bender! Look who's here to cheer you up.
Bender: I don't need cheering up. I'm perfectly...
Calculon : Greetings, sick fan.
Bender: TV's Calculon!
Calculon: You poor, mangled husk of what was once a robot! What right hath fate to pluck a sweet, dimple-cheeked mechanism in the flower of his youth? And... Scene! There, that was some free acting for you. Ordinarily, to see acting like that, you'd have to sit through a tampon commercial.
Colleen : Where did we go wrong, Fry? We were meant to be together!
Schlomo: Nu, I'm freezing my tokhes off here.
Colleen : Just a sec, honey!
Bender: I'm back, idiots!
Zoidberg: You look wonderful, robut! I wish I could afford to go to a hospital. I'm dreadfully sick.
Bender: I feel great, and I owe it all to Calculon. His visit really inspired me. I finally know what I want to be when I grow up.
Hermes: You want to co-star in his TV show? Like that time you already did that?
Bender: No. I'm gonna be a stalker!
Leela: That's not really a career. More of a felony.
Bender: Man, I'm gonna stalk his brains out. Ooh! Big news on the Calculon fan site! There's a flash mob headed for his plastic surgeon's office!
Plastic Surgeon: There, that's as big as I can make it. But I caution you, it looks completely unrealistic.
Calculon: You let me worry about that! Just do your job.
Dear God, no!
Bender: Neat!
Man: Get a shot of that.
Fatbot (standing outside "Robot Plastic Surgery"): Oh boy, oh boy, he's here.
Crazed Fan: Calculon, I love you! Have my baby!
Calculon: Back, you lunatic!
Crazed Fan: He touched me!
Bender: Sign my ass!
Farnsworth : Emergency! Emergency! Everyone to the Calamitorium! Leela, smell this.
Leela: Can I wipe it off first?
Farnsworth: No time, woman! No time!
Leela : Hmm. Smells like angel dust. [She pulls off the spouts and a "pop" is heard.]
Farnsworth: Exactly! That's a discontinuous electromagnetic field. Wernstrom tried to warn me, but I was too damn stubborn! Hermes, get Wernstrom on the line so I can apologize.
Wernstrom: Ogden Wernstrom speaking.
Farnsworth : Tell him I'm not here!
Leela: Professor!
Farnsworth: Oh, very well. Wernstrom, I've been a vainglorious fool! If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, your tiny little heart, would you consider a scientific collaboration?
Wernstrom: Sir, I'd be honored.
Wernstrom: As I attempted to warn you, the laws of electromagnetism change abruptly at the anomaly. Observe.
Pocket Pal: Play time is fun time.
Wernstrom : Not this time.
Farnsworth: My heavens! If only I'd heeded your warning, I'd have known it was impossible to cross the barrier!
Wernstrom (while opening a barrel labelled "Lab Animals"): But note what happens when I instead throw this laboratory koala.
Farnsworth: It passed through unharmed. So living beings can enter the other universe, but electrical devices can't?
Wernstrom: My hypothesis exactly.
Farnsworth: Then we must mount a second expedition without delay. Right after we blow up more robots.
Wernstrom: Agreed.
Farnsworth: Play time is fun time.
Calculon: Who are you?
Bender: Bender, your biggest fan.
Calculon: Are you going to murder me?
Bender: Unlikely. In my mind, we're friends. This diorama proves it, see?
Calculon: Sir, your derangement is impressive. I'm appointing you my official stalker.
Bender: You shan't be disappointed. Pleasant dreams. [Calculon turns the lights off and his eyes close, but Bender's do not. Instead they extend out towards Calculon's eyes. Calculon opens his eyes and looks at Bender's as they quickly move even closer to his own.
Farnsworth: Now that I've teamed up with my friend, Dr. Wernstrom, I feel certain we can successfully penetrate the other universe.
Wernstrom: It's the greatest scientific opportunity since you yourself sent men to the moon in 1969.
Nixon: I always regretted that. Nothing up there but dry rocks and those revolting onion men.
Farnsworth: But...
Nixon: You East Coast intellectuals had your chance. Now beat it! From here on in, this is a military matter.
Nixon: People of the universe, please welcome Rear Brigadier Zapp Brannigan.
Zapp: Thank you, thank you. Well deserved. Kif, stand in that hole so I look taller. Ever since man first left his cave and met a stranger with a different language and a new way of looking at things, the human race has had a dream. To kill him, so we don't have to learn his language or his new way of looking at things.
Wernstrom: Give science a chance!
Farnsworth: Less invasions, more equations!
Nixon: Damn long-hairs. Knock some sense into them, Chief O'Hallahan.
Colleen: Yes, sir!
Fry : I can't take it, Leela. I need to go away. Far away, forever.
Leela: Aw, I know how you feel, Fry. There are times when I also feel like you need to go away.
Amy: Be careful, my little, teeny, greeny weenie.
Zapp (grabbing/covering his groin): That's just a fungal infection... Oh, she's talking to you, Kif.
Kif: Goodbye, my love. [He is pulled away as the ground he stands on move them onto the ship. The engines start up and the Nimbus departs with an escort of heli/hover-copters.]
Bender : Wow, how come humans get to do all the fun stuff? This is exactly the sort of thing that ought to be handled by The League of Robots.
Calculon: That's adorable, Bender. You actually believe in the League of Robots?
Bender: You mean, there's really no such thing? Then who's there to mete out justice when an outdated robot is melted into belt buckles? Who's there to defend our honour when a rude human brings a blush to a robo-virgin's cheek?
Calculon: No one.
Bender: Oh.
[Zoom into a close-up of Bender's face to see a tear run down his cheek. Cut to Amy standing alone, watching the Nimbus leave for space. She turns around to face the screen and a tear runs down her cheek. Cut to Farnsworth, still being beaten by the three officers. A tear runs down his cheek. Cut to a shot of the Nimbus flying with its escort, zoom into a window labelled "Stowaway Hatch 35: Unauthorized Access Only" to reveal Fry standing in it. He looks back to face Earth and a tear runs down his cheek.]
Bender : Now that I know robots are worthless, with no League of Robots to protect us from the fleshy menace known as man, I have resolved to kill myself. In lieu of flowers, please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains. Your friend, Bender.
Zoidberg: Ow.
Suicide Booth: Please select mode of death.
Bender: Clumsy bludgeoning, please.
Suicide Booth: You have selected clumsy bludgeoning. For an additional $10, would you like your eyes scooped out with a melon-baller?
Bender: What the heck, I'll treat myself.
Zapp: Enemy in range. Prepare to launch universe-to-universe missile.
Kif: Preparing to launch U.U.M.
Zapp: Hell of a thing to send a universe to certain doom. Fun, though. Makes a man feel big.
Bender : Come on, come on, I didn't ask to die of boredom!
Suicide Booth: You are now dead. Please take your receipt.
Bender: What's... What's happening?
Hooded Robot: Kneel before the candle.
Bender: Don't hurt me! I'll betray anyone!
Hooded Robot: Bender Bending Rodriguez...
Calculon: Welcome to the League of Robots!
Zapp: Ready? And... Fi-... Almost fooled you there. Fire!
Francine: Missile jam. Missile jam.
Zapp: I heard you the first time, Francine.
Francine: Sorry.
Zapp: Kif, climb down there and un-jam it, would you? Be a dear. And stop sighing so much.
Calculon: Tell us, Bender. Are you worthy of membership in the League?
Bender: Worthier than the average robot.
Calculon: Then prove it. Upon each step is a test.
Bender: Okay, but if it's culturally biased, I'm suing your ass.
Calculon: Test number one. The test of the beer mug!
British Robot: Quite right, quite so.
ALL: Drink the mug! Drink the mug!
Bender: I accept your challenge.
ALL: Hurray!
Hedonism Bot: The test of the flagon!
ALL: Drink the flagon! Drink the flagon!
Bender: Are all the tests going to involve drinking?
Calculon: It never occurred to me before, but yes.
Bender: Wohoo! Just like med school!
Zapp: Ready yet, Kif?
Kif : Just give me one more...
Kif: Oh, no.
Billionaire Bot: The test of the infinitely priceless 1,000-year-old brandy.
Calculon: Presenting our newest member.
Fender: That's right, baby!
Bender: Hot diggity daffodil!
Fry: And so, to everyone and everything I've ever known, I say my last goodbye.
Kif: Hello. So, how are you, Fry?
Fry: Pretty good. You?
Kif: Well... Oh.
Zapp: Mmm. Kif, get over here. You've got to try this!
Amy : At least Kiffy died quickly.
Hermes: Yes, but according to the Old Farmer's Wikipedia, the amazing thing about Kif's species is that the remains continue suffering for up to six hours after death.
Amy : That's so interesting!
Bender: Don't ask where I was last night. For all you know, I was at home, perhaps baking a strudel. What's her problem? Somebody die or something?
Leela: Kif's dead, Bender.
Bender: Nailed it!
Zapp: My condolences, Amy. Allow me to present you with the last known photo of Lieutenant Kroker.
Mrs. Wong: We so sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Kroker. Terrible shame about Froggy.
Mrs. Kroker: Thank you for your kind words.
Mr. Wong: Yeah, yeah, real sad. Want some breath spray? Cinnamon flavour, taste like pie.
Bender: [He places a wreath of flowers on Kif's urn labelled "L.O.R."] This is from the league of you-don't-need-to-know.
Grand Midwife: I am the grand funeral director!
Zoidberg: Do you validate parking?
Grand Midwife: It is always a terrible tragedy when a swarm outlives its own bulboid. So it is with great sorrow that I now commit the goo that was once Kif to the petroleum of his ancestors.
Leela: Whack the bottle!
Hermes: No, from the bottom! It works better!
Amy : Just stick a butter knife in it!
Grand Midwife: There, I got most of it. The burial is complete. I will now sing the sacred hymn. It's not part of the ceremony, just a little something that I wrote.
Bender : Next!
Amy: It may sound strange, but seeing Kif's mutilated remains poured into the mud made me really sad.
Leela: Mutilation is never easy.
Amy : I don't think I'll ever love again.
Leela: Oh, you don't mean that. Love can surprise you at any time in your life.
Zapp: Surprise!
Fry: Whoa, it kind of takes your breath away. [His Oxygen Pack displays "OXYGEN SYSTEM FAILURE" on the screen accompanied by a beeping noise, but a bolt of lightening quickly blows out the screen.]
URL: Look alive, death row. Your saggy asses got a visitor.
Farnsworth: Regular or conjugal?
URL: She looked like a freak to me.
Leela: The guard operating the x-ray machine came down with a sudden case of broken neck, so I was able to bring you that delicious cake you wanted.
Farnsworth: I don't understand. Are you winking or blinking?
Leela: Hang on a second.
Farnsworth: Got it!
Bender: Ahh, yes, I'm here to repair my horse.
Shop Owner: Is the horse's name Hot Beans?
Bender: No! I mean, yes.
British Robot: So it seems a human had been rather injured by a knife, and as his... As his blood, you know, I think that's what they call it...
Calculon: Quite correct, sir. Blather on!
British Robot: As it drained away, he said... He said, Take me to a dock. No doubt he intended to say doctor, but he was unable to complete his thought, you see, being as he had died. So, taking him at his word, we dragged his corpse to the waterfront, whereupon the seagulls fed upon it.
Bender: Humans are dumb and they die easy!
Hedonism Bot: Quite!
Billionaire Bot: Speaking of humans, have I shown you my new monocle? Cost me a king's ransom. Made from a king, don't you know!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, how repulsively decadent!
Billionaire Bot: Yes. But more importantly, it allows me to see the smiling faces of my children for the first time since I lost my vision in that horrible banking accident.
Bender: May I see that for a second? My, but that's interesting!
Hedonism Bot: I say!
Billionaire Bot: I'm blind!
Calculon: My God, Bender! This is a civilized organization! The rules specifically...
Bender: [He pulls a book out of his robe titled "Robot's Rules of Order."] May I make a point of order, President Calculon?
Calculon: Must you?
Bender: Yes.
Bender: The bylaws specifically state that no human may set foot in the League of Robots! If he has a human part, he's part human!
Hedonism Bot: Oh, my! Then I too have a human part I must expel. And I plan to enjoy the experience. Ta-ta!
British Robot: Bender, you've rigidly applied the law with no regard for its intent. Well done! You'll go far in this organization.
Bender: Oh, you're just gettin' to know Bender.
Wernstrom: Curses! If we could only turn up the gain, we might smell clear through to the other universe! But we can't adjust it without a screwdriver.
Farnsworth: Wait a moment. I think I was just shanked with a screwdriver! Yes!
Wernstrom: A little more. A little less. Heavens to meteoroid! Smell this!
Farnsworth: Holy mother of invention!
Wernstrom: We must notify the President at once!
Farnsworth: But how can we? Oh, I wish, I wish, I wish we weren't in prison!
Farnsworth: Pazuzu!
Pazuzu: You have one wish left, Professor.
Nixon: Sometimes... Always... Never! You again? This better be damned important. I'm right in the middle of a Cosmo survey!
Farnsworth: You'll want to hear this, Mr. President. For we have sniffed where no man has sniffed before!