
Cubert: Yes, 10!
Dwight: Well done, Cubonius. You decapitated the unicorn.
ALL: All right.
Chinese Boy: Oh, oh! We search his tail pouch for treasure.
Dwight: Deep in the unicorn's rump sack, you find... 60 gold pieces.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Cubert: I cast a spell of detect magic.
Bender: What you doing, mini-meatbags? Underage gambling? Shame on you. Count me in.
Dwight: We're not gambling. We're playing Dungeons & Dragons.
Cubert: Right now, we're fighting for our lives in the lair of the Dragon Queen.
Bender: Ah, wrong. Right now you're ass-deep in a folding chair.
Cubert: Yes, but in my imagination I'm riding a golden Pegasus. Giddy up, Sparky!
Bender: Am I the only one seeing him sitting here with peanut butter on his face?
Dwight: Bender, were you built without an imagination?
Bender: What? Don't be stupid, of course not. It just hasn't descended yet.
Bender: Fry, do I have an imagination?
Fry: I don't know, Bender. Why do you ask? Were the other boys making fun of you?
Bender: Mhmm. They said I couldn't imagine things.
Fry: Well, you never know unless you try. Like, I didn't know if I could swallow a softball, so I gave it my best shot and voil! Wait, that's not it. Ah, thar she blows!
Ship's Computer : Warning, out of dark matter fuel.
Leela: That's not a warning. A warning is supposed to come before something bad happens.
Ship's Computer : Warning, engines will shut down in one second.
Leela: That's more like it.
Fry: Uh-oh. This space neighborhood looks kind of sketchy.
Punk: Rock 'n' roll.
Bender: Hey, that punk stole our hood ornament. Now no one will know we have the LX package.
Leela: We need dark matter and we need it fast. Fry, check Nibbler's litter box. Maybe he dropped a steamer.
Fry: Aye, aye, Captain. Yes! I've never been so excited to see poop. Well, maybe once.
ALL:
Bender: There's gas in our ass.
Leela: Can you believe the price of dark matter? It'd be cheaper to fill the tank with Nobel Prize winners' sperm.
MOM COMPUTER: $632.14. Your Speedpass will now be charged.
Leela: You lousy...
Sal: Hey, gets a loads of that ugly ship. What shades of green is that? Puke?
Leela: For your information it's called Electric Mucus.
Hoschel: More like puke.
Sal: Whoa!
Leela: Why don't you come a little closer so my boot can hear you?
Bender: Calm down, Leela. You can vent tonight on your blog.
Sal: What's the matters, you couldn't affords the LX package?
Hoschel: Puke-a-doodle-do.
Leela: You're making fun of our ship? Your ship is the most beat-up thing I've ever seen, and I've seen Mickey Rourke's head.
Sal: Yeah, she's a little Rourky, but you got to gets big time ugly to be five-time winners at a demolition derby.
Fry: That's five more times than we've won or even entered.
Bender: We do suck.
Sal: Yup, and it's gonna be six winses after tonights.
Leela: We'll sees abouts that.
Hermes: Dark matter costs have tripled, so we must reduce expenses. Therefore, we will no longer provide complimentary porno magazines in the lounge.
Scruffy: Dern it.
Farnsworth: And no more wasting fuel. From now on I'll be keeping a tight hold on the keys to the ship, swallowing them before I go to bed and recovering them the next morning.
Amy: Splech!
Hermes: Professor, it's 4:00.
Farnsworth: 4:00 in the evening? Then, good night.

Leela: I don't care what the Professor says. We're entering that demolition derby to prove our ship isn't a piece of junk.
Zoidberg: But won't that turn our ship into a piece of junk?
Bender: Shut up, Zoidberg. He's right, Leela.
Leela: But we have no choice. Rednecks insulted us.
Fry: So? Let it go. Don't let your temper get the better of...
Leela: Rednecks!
Zoidberg: Using this magneto, I will now guide the keys up the thorax and out via the frontal face hole. That's the storage locker, the boat, the other boat, pay dirt!
Rich Little : Greetings, sports fans. Though whether this outpouring of inbreds can in fact be classified as a sport is a subject of no small scholarly debate.
Sal: Well, wells, well, if it ain'ts Princess Pukerella and her pukey puke-mobile.
Leela: Oh, yeah? Well... Shut up.
Bender: -Good comeback, Leela.
Leela: You shut up, too.
Rich Little: Rich Little, here, as Howard Cosell. And now to grace us with its rendition of the national anthem, please welcome what is left of the Dixie Chicks after their tragic matter transporter accident.
The Dixie Chicks: We're in horrible pain.
'Rich Little: And we are underway.
Sal: Whoas!
Leela: Yes! Now we're inflicting.
Rich Little : Outstanding! Tonight we are witnessing a veritable clinic and that ludicrous hullabaloo known as demolition derby.
George Takei: Way to kill the franchise, Bakula.
Rich Little : Ladies and gentlemen, we are down to our final two ships. In the storied annals of demolition derby, today will surely be remembered, if only as the day upon which I was absorbed into that hideous conglomeration once known as the Dixie Chicks.
Leela: Buckle your sphincters.
Sal: That broad's insanes.
Hoschel: But you're insansier, right?
Sal: Nah, I guess nots. I've decideds to relax and enjoy life from now ons.
Rich Little: Planet Express takes the trophy.
Leela: Now, I'll use the magnet to get the keys back in there.
Zoidberg: What? You mean I cut a big hole in him for nothing?
Leela: Don't worry, the Professor won't even remember that he has a spaceship.
Farnsworth: Ah, my precious spaceship! Come, friends. Let's take her for a spin to the malt shop like old times.
Leela : Leela to Zoidberg. Execute Distraction Protocol Alpha.
Zoidberg : Roger that.
Zoidberg: Look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Look at me! Ooh! Don't look at me.
Farnsworth: Yes, she's a wonderful ship, all right. As beautiful now as the day I got botched laser eye surgery. Now, that's odd. What's the fuel gauge doing on the fl... [He gasps as he sees the gauge points at the notch just below the "Full" mark.] Great Godzilla's gonads! Who wasted precious fuel? Answer now or be punished.
Leela: All right, fine. I admit it.
Farnsworth: You will be punished.
Chinese Boy: Oh, my gosh, 20!
Dwight: Your pole arm does double damage, and the gelatinous cube dies in horrible poverty.
Cubert: I proceed to cast a spell of darkness.
Indian Boy: Most ingenious.
Chinese Boy: Ah, Bender?
Bender: Me? I, uh cast a spell of darkness. Pretty imaginative, huh?
Cubert: No, you just did the same thing as me, but with a dumb noise.
Bender: Oh... You're right. I'm great in every way except I have no imagination. All I ever wanted is to play this magical game and I can't.
Dwight: Yes, you can. You just have to lose yourself in the fantasy. You have to believe the impossible is merely preposterous.
Bender: Okay. Here goes. Visor down. I believe, I believe. I did it! I imagined something. For 1.3 milliseconds, I truly believed I was a noble robot in days of yonder.
Chinese Boy: Way to go, Bender.
Cubert: What is thy character's name, good sir?
Bender: Uh, um... I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Farnsworth : Everybody out of the conference room. I am calling a conference. Everybody get in here. You wasted precious fuel just because you were insulted by some redneck yokel from beyond the stars?
Leela: It was only half a ball.
Farnsworth: That's not the point. Your temper is out of control. And to think I'd have never even known if it weren't for the lengthy and unsolicited tattling of Dr. Zoidberg.
Zoidberg: She also took home two rolls of Scotch tape.
Farnsworth: Thank you, Dr. Zoidberg. Hermes, incentivize that employee. As for you, Leela, I'm letting you off with a warning.
Leela: Oh, thank you.
Farnsworth: A warning that will be administered by this 50,000-volt shock collar.
Leela: Zoidberg, I'm gonna put my boot so far up your cloaca, you'll be... Ow!
Farnsworth: The collar will be triggered any time your thoughts turn to violence.
Leela: Ouch!
Farnsworth: Profanity.
Leela: Son of a... Ow!
Farnsworth: Or perversions of a sexual nature.
Leela: Ow!
Hermes: It's the only collar they had in stock at Office Depot.
Zoidberg: I hope you picked up some Scotch tape while you were there.
Bender: That's a good one.
Narrator: Imagine, if you will, an announcer you can barely understand. He refers to a... *incoherent mumbling* But you're not quite sure what he said. He seems to be eating something, or perhaps he's a little drunk. It's remotely possible that he just said something about... The Scary Door.
Soldier: Firing, sir!
Soldier: It's all over. Our guns and bombs are useless against the aliens.
Farmer: The saucers! Theys'a crashin'!
Narrator: In the end, it was not guns or bombs that defeated the aliens, but that humblest of all God's creatures, the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Leela: I can't believe TiVo suggested that piece of... Ow! Come on, Hermes. Surely you have the authority to remove this damn collar.
Hermes: Alas, no. I got the key but not the authority.
Leela: Yeow! Well, who does have the authority?
Hermes: Only the staff doctor. You'll have to convince him that you have resolved your anger issues.
Leela: I don't have any god da- mother f- anger issues.

Dwight: As your dwarf-skin canoe rounds a bend you suddenly see... A terrifying red dragon.
Indian Boy: What do we do? What do we do?
Bender: Wait, I know. I make use of my rod of fireballs.
Cubert: Everyone knows red dragons are immune to fireballs as well as all other forms of incendiary attack.
Bender: Yes, but I aim not at the dragon but at the river itself to create a shroud of steam through which we can escape.
ALL: Whoa!
Dwight: Sweet pony of Sierra Leone, it worked!
Chinese Boy: We did it!
Cubert: Success!
Fry: Bender, smell this milk.
Bender: I go not by the name of Bender, you fleshy fool. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Fry: Professor, something's bothering me.
Monkey : Well, you can always talk to me about anything, Fry. What's on your mind?
Fry: Well, it's... it's about my friend Bender.
Farnsworth Monkey: Mmm. I see. Show me on this anatomically correct doll exactly where he touched you.
Fry: No, it's nothing like that. It's just that I am worried about him. He's being playing an awful lot of Dungeons & Dragons.
Farnsworth Monkey: Dungeons &... Good God! Hasn't he seen the Afterschool Special? You've got to talk to him, Fry. Make him quit now before he completely loses his mind.
Fry: Okay, I will.
Farnsworth Monkey: Good boy. Just don't let him touch you down there.
Zoidberg: Well, here's your problem, right here. You've got a skull embedded in your head.
Leela: You're absolutely right, Doctor. Can the collar come off now?
Zoidberg: Let me just peel your head a little and see if I can get that skull out. [He pulls a large potato peeler. He prepares to "fix" Leela's problem, but she gets angry and activates the shock collar while kicking the utensil out of his grip. It flies into the groin of an upside down poster of the human body.]
Zoidberg: So, you tell me, little miss expert, why always with the temper? Calm down for once and think. Here, enjoy a relaxing spritz from my empathy bladder.
Zoidberg: What is it, already? What's the cause of your anger?
Leela: I guess I would have to say, I hate you.
Zoidberg: I'm beginning to understand. It all goes back to your parents.
Leela: What?
Zoidberg: They pushed you to study medicine when all you ever wanted was to be a song-and-dance man. Why? Whyyy?
Leela: I was raised in an orphanarium. My parents are sewer mutants who I never even met until a few years ago.
Zoidberg: Then you've got to go to them and work this song-and-dance stuff out. Maybe have them cook me nice dinner. No scallions. I hate them. Amy, cancel my appointments.
Amy : Stop calling me.
Fry: Bender, please don't get mad, but I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: You're absolutely right, Fry. I almost went insane, but after this heart-to-heart talk, I've decided to quit.
Fry: Really? Whew! That's a load off my toad.
Bender: Now, if you'll excuse me. I'm off to slay the werewolf of Goblin Mountain.
Bender: On guard, man-wench! Prepare to cross blades.
Hermaphrobot: You couldn't afford it, honey.
Bender: Foolish leprechaun, I scoop your treasure in the name of the fancy men.
Hermes : He also left a small pile of treasure on the living room rug.
Bender: Foul dragon, meet thy doom.
Turanga Munda: Would you like a napkin, Doctor?
Zoidberg: Thank you.
Leela: Satisfied, Zoidberg? My relationship with my parents is fine.
Turanga Munda: Now, hold on, Leela. Maybe this torture collar is good for you.
Leela: What? Ow!
Turanga Munda: It'll control your temper. Men like a woman who's not always slamming their head in the car door.
Turanga Morris: She's right. That's what first attracted me to your mother.
Turanga Munda: So, Leela, I understand your friend here is a physician, and I'm not seeing a ring on his claw.
Leela: Mom, he's a cockroach from outer space.
Zoidberg: Good, Leela, work that anger out. Excuse me a moment, I'm swarming with parasites.
Turanga Morris: Hey, it's what's-his-name from the surface. The bi-clops.
Fry: Ha-have you seen Bender? He's gone nuts. Also, smell this milk.
Bender: Prepare for a surprise attack.
Zoidberg: Someone do something.
Leela: I would, but... Ow! Take my collar off.
Zoidberg: I can't, I'm still eating. Help me, Leela.
Bender: I cast upon thee a spell of fireball!
Zoidberg: No. Not the spork.
Fry: Beholdeth, Titanius, I cast a freeze ray upon you.
Bender: That's ridiculous. There's no such thing as a "freeze ray." What, you mean a cone of coldness?
Fry: Yeah, that.
Bender: No! No! Fancy men are defenseless against cone of coldness. I'm freezing... what? Ah!
Fry: Bender, no. When will young people learn that Dungeons & Dragons won't make you cool?
Zoidberg: Relax, Fry. I'm a doctor. I'm sure the robut will be just fine with a little help.
Bender: Help, help. Help!