
Seth MacFarlane : You and I will be reborn,
In a future place and time,
If everything our Hindu brethren say is true.
In an age of things that hover,
You and I will still be lovers,
And we'll say to ourselves
That was then and this is, too.
'Cause we'll still find the happening hot spots,
We'll still cruise the cool casinos.
You'll still fly me to the moon,
Although the moon to which you fly me,
Could be Phobos or Deimos.
The psychic worms from Rigel Nine,
Who control everything we do,
Will make us think that was then,
And 3010 is exactly the same as 1962.
Don't expect any changes, my friend,
That was then and this is, too.

Bender: Wow, Mars Vegas. Long live the eternal city.
Mr. Wong: Two, one, zero!
Bender: Rest in hell, Crapville!

Mrs. Wong: Out here in the desert, were gonna build bigger, better Vegas.
Mr. Wong: Bathtubs size of oceans, hookers size of bouncers.
Bender: Hamburger!
Worm Announcer: Stand clear of the closing jaws.

Amy Wong: So what's gonna be over there, Dad?
Mr. Wong: That? That the oasis. Future site of Oasis Hotel. Take that, you stupid Mother Nature.
Frida Waterfall: Okay. Let's hit him hard.
Feministas: This land is your land. This land is my land
Fry: Who are you noisy women?
Frida: I'm Frida Waterfall, leader of the Greenorita Eco-Feminist Collective, and we will not let you man-doze this beautiful gyno-desert.
Mr. Wong: Well, I'm Leo Wong, and I say, "Boom!"
Frida: What happened to my femi-necklace? And where's my mega-fem?
Professor Farnsworth: Is he badly hurt, Dr. Zoidberg?
Zoidberg: I don't quite know how to say this. Fry is dead!
Zoidberg: Wait, not dead. The other thing.
Mr. Wong: Damn eco-broads! You can't even spray for eagles without upsetting these kooks.
Leela: Now, hang on. Before you do construction, don't you have to make sure you're not harming any native species?
Mr. Wong: Already done! By top scientist.
Farnsworth: Err, what? Oh, my, yes. You've got the go-ahead, Mr. Wong. This place is deader than last year's cat.
Leela: No, it's not! There's precious life right here in this scum puddle.
Farnsworth: Ah! The desert muck leech. Amazingly, the entire species lives in this one tiny stink hole. Killing these will be so much easier than exterminating those ponies.
Leela: Leeches may not be cuddly like pandas or tribbles, but these poor endangered creatures deserve... Get off me!
Bender: I'll get it with my trusty foot cups: Stompy and Smashy.
Leela: No, don't kill it! We have to...
Mr. Wong: There. They're not endangered anymore. They're extinct.
Leela: No, they're not. I saved this one. And I'm gonna raise it and care for it, so the world will forever know what it's lost. You freaking slime wad! No. I killed it. It was the last of its kind. Let go of me, you... Poor thing.
Mr. Wong: Tell you what, Fry. You all promise not to sue me, I give you token for free entry in poker tournament. He took it, you all saw it!
Bender: Maybe we did, maybe we didn't. What's in it for me, Bender?
Mr. Wong: Okay, okay. Come back when New Vegas opens, I give you all free rooms, free dinner and free tickets to Celine Dion.
Bender: Lose the Celine Dion tickets and you got yourself a deal.
Mr. Wong: All right, damn it, done!
Bender: All right, I scored.

Zoidberg: Look out, Vegas, I've got a system. [He inserts a quarter and pulls the lever while laughing. The rolls of the machine land on "OUT OF ORDER," "OUT OF ORDER" and "NO REFUNDS."] Oh. I'm bankrupt.
Fry: You said it, Hermes. He is pathetic, but lovable.
Hermes: Yup. What? I said no such thing, man.
Fry: I am not acting weird, Leela. Why is everyone talking at once?
Leela: Fry, calm down and stop braining.
Amy: Yeah, Fry, maybe you need to-
Fry: You're right, Amy! Maybe I do need some fresh air.
Bender: Man, I'm worried about him. But not enough to stop gambling for even a single second.
Three Leos on the Machine: You win, damn it!

Fry: Voices always yelling. Who - who said that? I'm not insane. Stop it. Stop talking in me!
Hutch Waterfall: Voices bothering you, man? You need one of these doodangs.
Fry : A foil hat? Of course, he likes pastrami. What about the dog's testicles? Hey, it worked. The voices stopped.
Hutch: They've got a huge selection of carburetors... Hang on. Hang on. That's better. My name's Hutch.
Fry: Hi, Hutch. So what's with the obnoxious, shrieking voices? Are my fillings picking up The View?
Hutch: No, man. Truth is, it's other people's thoughts. You're a mind reader.
Fry: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Although, actually, it was sort of obvious.
Hutch: You don't believe me? Take off the helmet.
Fry: I believe you.
Hutch: Seriously, do it. : Testing, testing. Do you read me?
Fry : Loud and clear.
Hutch: What?
Fry: I said, "Loud and clear." Only I said it with my thinker, not my talker.
Hutch: Whoa! Freaky. Why can't I read your thoughts?
Fry: I don't know. Wait. What's that about a secret society?
Hutch: Never mind that. Just keep the foil on and you'll be okay. Also, it'll keep the Dark Ones from incinerating your brain.
Fry: That's a plus.
Hutch: And don't ever, ever, ever tell anyone you can read minds, or the Dark Ones will get you like that. Hang on, pizza grease. Like that.

Clamps: I'd like to get my clamps on those. Give her a jump, you know what I mean?
Donbot: Whoa, whoa. Show some decorum there, Clamps. This ain't no strip show. This is a beguiling display of the pornographic arts.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, Skip, I can see a guy's butt.
Michael's Wife: Oh, Michael, this is the perfect end to a perfect honeymoon.
Michael: I love you so much.
Bender: Is this seat taken?
Michael: Actually, we...
Bender: Slide me those chicken wings. So what part of Podunk you rubes from?
Michael: The north-eastern.
Announcer: Monsieurs et mademoiselles, our circus of the senses now arrives by steamboat in New Orleans, circa 2873. The muted lament of a trombone resonates through the fog, which lingers even now, months after the attack of the fog monster. With but one hope of restoring Gearoticus to his throne, our sensual fate rests in the gyrations of... Fanny.
Bender: Oh.

Fanny: Yes?
Bender: I'm Bender. Let's do it.
Donbot: Who is it, the Feds?
Bender: Aren't you the Donbot, head of the Robot Mafia?
Donbot: Allegedly. And this is my beloved wife, Fanny, whose honor I would proudly defend with a power drill. Well, I gotta go drown a stoolie.
Donbot: I'm gonna be in here a while, so do me a favor and drive my wife home. It's one of them self-driving cars, so just sit in the back and do whatever.
Fanny: Oh, Bender, your lips are intoxicating. It's like kissing an ashtray full of hot wings.
Bender : Aww yeahh!

Fry : My God, I really can read minds. I have a superpower! There must be something great I can do with this.
Fry: Hello, ladies, I can read your thoughts. Oh, wait, that's invisibility.
Fry : Poker. With my mind-reading abilities and my invisibility... Wait, no, just the mind reading. I can't lose!
Fry: Sign me up for the tournament, please.
Administrator: Okey-doke, Jiffy Pop. Entry fee's 50,000 smackers.
Fry: 50,000? Drat, all I have is my life savings and a token for free admission to this poker tournament.
Administrator: Close enough.

Amy: You're having an affair with the head of the robot mafia's wife?
Bender : Yup, this is her I'm making out with.
Hermes: Bender, are you crazy?
Bender: No, it's Fry who's crazy in this one.
Fry: Psht, I'm not crazy.
Leela: You sure you're okay, Fry? You do have tin foil on your head.
Fry: So? You've got a leech on your neck. Oh, and speaking of sucking on your neck, want to go to a movie later?
Elzar: Hey, there! How are you folks doing tonight?
Bender: Great. What are the specials?
Elzar: We've got a wonderful grizzly bear that's been dipped in cornmeal and lightly tormented. Questions?
Amy: What was the bear's name?
Elzar: Jojo.
Amy: Ooh, I'll have him.
Bender: Hide me!
Joey Mousepad: Hey, Donbot, ain't that your wife what with you had that wedding with?
Fanny: Donbot, honey! What a pleasant shock! I was just having dinner alone, when suddenly you walk in on us.
Donbot: Alone, huh?
Bender: Where am I? I was exploring a wormhole through space many light years from this restaurant, when suddenly I was surrounded by darkness. Hot, sexy darkness. Oh, why, hello, Donbot! Hello, miss, have we met? I'm Bender. The world's most sexual robot. I mean, the world's most boundary-respecting robot.
Donbot: Nice to see you, Bender. Welcome back to our universe. Listen, sugar, I stuck up the Burlington Coat Factory and got you a little something. It's a $49 value.
Danny: Donbot, I love you! Not really.
Bender: Man, this is great! I always wanted to nail a dame in a fur coat, and now's my chance. I mean, if you'll introduce me to one, sir. One as sexy as you, baby! Bender out. [He struts away while humming/scatting. Zoom on Donbot's eyes, they squint, showing Donbot is onto Bender.]

Fanny: I never felt so alive, Bender. Listen, this turquoise-encrusted bra is worth 50 grand. Let's sell it and run off before the Donbot gets wise.
Bender: No. It will take a lot more money than that to make a girl like you happy.
Fanny: No, it won't.
Bender: Yeah, it will. Shut up! We'll run off, after I win the Universal Poker Championship! One entry, please.
Fanny: Bender, no! You're not lucky enough.
Bender: Oh, no? I'm 40% lucky. The scrap metal I'm made from included a truckload of horseshoes from the luckiest racehorses in Mexico, who had just been sent to a glue factory.
Fanny: They don't sound so lucky to me.
Bender: Not without their shoes.

Fanny: Here, Bendy, take this. It will give you 70% more luck. It's the Donbot's lucky robot's foot.
Bender: All right! With two kinds of luck, I can't lose.
Bender: No, wait, three. I stepped on a leprechaun.
Joey Mousepad: Yo, you see this over here over there?
Clamps: I'm powering up the clamps.

Donbot: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let us not rush to judgement.
Joey Mousepad: But, Skip, that was your lucky robot's foot what came off of your lucky leg.
Donbot: While it is true that I did wake up with only one foot this morning, there is no proof that my beloved Fanny was involved. Aside from the hacksaw I found under her pillow.
Clamps: Well, what about that Bender guy? You want I should give him the clamps?
Donbot: Not yet, Clamps. We are gonna sit tight and see if he wins the poker tournament. He does, that proves he's packing my lucky foot, in which event...
Clamps: The clamps! Or a clamp-like device.

Penn Jillette: Welcome viewers who fell asleep with the TV on! It's the 3009 no-limit hold 'em championship. I'm the massive head of Penn Jillette, and here with a color commentary, my partner Teller. Our act really didn't change much when he died.
Bender: Pardon me, I'm new to this game. Is this duffle bag big enough for all your money?
Fry: Bender? Oh, boogers. We're in the same tournament. Quick, get your entry fee back before I bankrupt you.
Bender: Pfft! In your dreams, nutloaf.
Fry: Bite my shiny metal hat.
Penn Jillette : Tex Connecticut, the pride of Kansas City, first to act. Smiley Spiff, up next. Looks like Boobs Vanderbilt has a decent pair. Also, she's got two eights. And Bender Rodriguez picks up a lucky deal right off the bat.
Bender : Woo! Two aces. I'm thinking guitar solo.
Fry: He puts his hat back down.] I fold.
Penn Jillette: Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer Philip Fry. It's almost as if he knew Bender had two aces.
'Boobs Vanderbilt: Bender has two aces? I'm out.
Tex Connecticut: I'm out.
Lrrr: I'm out.
Bender: Suck my luck!
Donbot: See this gun? That's what I'm gonna do to Bender if he wins.
Lrrr: All in. Call my mighty bid at your peril. : My cards are awful, and I need a hug.
Fry: I call your bluff.
Lrrr: I shall annihilate... Fry hugs him.] I just wanted to make my daddy proud.
Lrrr's Father: Well, you didn't. I want you and your junk moved out by Monday.
Penn Jillette: It's getting pretty intense, folks. Based on the state of decomposition of Teller's head, we're now in hour 19 of the tournament. And the first bad deal of the night for Bender.
Bender: Hey, pal, help me out here. This is the worst possible hand, right?
Tex Connecticut: I'm all in.
Bender: All in! I mean, fold. Whatever.
Penn Jillette: Well, Bender's luck just ran out. No card can save him from elimination.
Boobs Vanderbilt: Oh, my gourds! He's dead.
Leo Wong: 21, winner!
Bender: Wooo! I'm so full of luck, it's shooting out like luck diarrhoea.
Penn Jillette: Wake up, poker fans! We're down to our final two players in heads-up action for the Championship. Your perspective, Teller?
Bender: All in.
Fry: But-but, you didn't even look at your cards!
Bender: Looking at one's cards is a crutch for players who rely on skill.
Leo Wong: Any day now, Fry. You in or out?
Bender: What's the matter, Fry, you scared? Or just crazy?
Fry: All right, all in. Yes! Four aces!
Bender: Ah-ah-ah. Read 'em and weep, and then tell me what they are.
Leo Wong: Two kings. And with three on the board, that gives Bender five kings.
Fry: But how is that...
Penn Jillette: I don't believe it. Bender has just been dealt the King of Beers, a coaster from the bar that somehow got mixed into the deck. But it still counts!
Leo Wong: Bender win the Championship!
Bender: That's some good money.
Fanny: You did it, Bender. You're the greatest.
Bender: Tell me something I don't know, sweetass. Now, let's boogie. We'll be in Space Tahiti before the Donbot knows what hit him.
Donbot: Now I am suspicious.

Bender: Okay, we finished digging this shallow grave. Can we go now?