
Leela: Previously, on Futurama.
Nine: You must gain Wong's confidence, infiltrate his organization and prevent him from destroying the violet dwarf.
Hutch: The fate of the universe depends on you.
Fry: Yeah, I get that a lot.
Leela: It's amazing. It's like a textbook on evolution.
Fry: Except in Kansas.
Mr. Wong: I smell sabotage.
Leela: Feministas unite!
Zapp: A patriot of the highest order has volunteered to lead us to them.
Bender: Hey-oh!
Nixon: These eco-feminists are ruthless criminals who'll stop at nothing to save the environment. I don't see how a bending unit can catch them.
Bender: Not just any bending unit, Presidente. I happen to be brilliant, fearless and short on cash.
Nixon: Slush him, Kroker.
Zapp: Bender here has identified the femdito commander as my ex-lover, Turanga Leela, whom I once made love at.
Nixon: And he's willing to fink her out for a few simoleons?
Bender: It's not about the money, Nixon, though I'd like much more. She's committed 30 felonies in 12 star systems. If no one stops her, she'll break my record for longest rap sheet.
Nixon: That's a despicable motive, Bender, and I respect it.
Bender: Gracias. Now, I could find Leela, but you'll need to authorize a wiretap.
Nixon: As many as you like.
Bender: I only need one.
Nixon: Let's call it six.
Fry: Hey, Bender, check it out. I'm Leo Wong's new security guard. I got an ID badge and a flashlight, and I ordered this mustache.
Bender: Neat. Say, speaking of whatever the hell you just said, I need to make a cell phone telephone call. Can borrow your cell phone telephone?
Fry: Okay, but don't restart my Tetris. I was finally about to get one of those pieces that looks like a backwards "L."
Bender: Okay, superstud.
Mr. Wong: Looking good, security. No feministas getting past you.
Fry: No, sir. Not on my mustache's watch.
Amy: Fry, I can't believe you're working with my dad against Leela. How can you claim to be her friend and still want her in jail?
Mr. Wong: Don't mind cranky-pants here. She been cranky ever since she was a fat little girl.
Amy: Dad!
Mr. Wong: Can I be brutally honest, Fry? I always wanted a son.
Fry: That hurt, but I can take it.
Amy: I knew you wanted a son! Why do you think I became a miniature golf champion? Why do you think I wear these stupid boys' sweat suits?
Mr. Wong: To hide your big, fat butt, that's why.
Fry: Now, sir, in fairness, Amy's butt is actually pretty hot.
Amy: What is it with you men? Why does everything revolve around my butt?
Mr. Wong: 'Cause it's so big and massive. He and Fry share a laugh.]
Fry: Sorry.
Amy: That's it!
Bender: Whoa! What's with Big Butt?
Mr. Wong: She just hungry.
Bender: Here you go, Fry.
Fry: Thanks.
Bender: Oh! FYI, I dropped that Tetris piece in the wrong place and ended the game.
Fry: [He looks at the screen on the phone. It reads "GAME OVER."] No!

Fry: Great! Now Amy's gonna tell Leela I'm a jerk. If only I could explain I'm on a secret mission against evil. Wait. Evil? Yeah, yeah, evil. What's going on in there? A scary noise? Hey, you're one of Leela's feministas. "Save the environment! Wo-mandate Leo's retirement!" That's terrible writing! Stop making your point so ineffectively!
Frida: Take your mands off of me!
Fry: I'm on your side.
Frida: Don't shush me.
Fry: Please, can you take a message to Leela?
Frida: What is it?
Fry: Just say her sweet goofbag is working to save the violet dwarf star, just like she is.
Frida: Very well, I'll fem-municate your man-formation.
Fry: Just tell her.

Farnsworth: Well, this is it, old friends. Planet Express is done for, what with our delivery crew missing and the abysmal sales of Tickle Me Bender.
Bender Doll: Quit touching my junk, pervert!
Farnsworth: Hold out your hands and I'll remove your career chips.
Zoidberg: I hate to see it come to an end. When will it end?
Hermes: Shouldn't you get that, Professor?
Farnsworth: I suppose. Hello?
Mr. Wong: Professor, old buddy, I'm gonna blow up the violet dwarf star. So I need you deliver billion-mile security fence to keep out protesters. Dirty business. Lot of money. You corrupt enough?
Farnsworth: Damn skippy! Good news, crybabies! We're back in business.
Hermes: Sweet kookaburra of Edinburgh, Professor. You sure you know how to fly this thing?
Farnsworth: I invented it, didn't I? You wouldn't ask Thomas Edison whether he knew how to use a sexmatron.
Leela: Halt! What are you doing in this parallelogram of space?
Farnsworth: We're delivering a fence to keep you ladies in your place.
Zoidberg: Amy?
Hermes: Labarbara?
LaBarbara: That's right, husband. From now on, you make your own Manwiches.

Mrs. Wong: That was the greatest play I ever saw. It must have had 20 acts.
Leela : We installed your fence, Leo Wong.
Linda: Should we shout a clever slogan?
Leela: You mean something like, "The best defense is a good fence?"
Linda: Yeah, something like that, only funny.
Leela: I wish we could, but our chief slogan writer is back at the Honeybun Hideout.
Frida: Does "violet dwarf" rhyme with "men are dorks"? It does through a megaphone. : That reminds me, I've got to tell Leela about that weirdo who wants to save the violet dwarf.
Mysterious Voice: So, the Legion of Madfellows has a new pawn, eh?
Frida: Is somebody here? If you're the DSL guy, you're two days late.
Mysterious Voice: Who gave you that message for Leela?
Frida: I don't know his name.
Mysterious Voice: Then you are of no use to the Dark Ones!
Frida: Long lost brother, avenge my death.

[Scene: Wongminister Miniature Golf Club. Fry is locking up.]
Fry: Six, seven, eight. Lock the gate. One, two, three. Turn the key. 30, 50, 10. My dirty, shifty friend?
Hutch: Hey, Fry, long time.
Hutch: Welcome back to the Legion of Madfellows, man.
Fry: Why'd you bonk me, you idiot? You could have just asked me to come with you. And where are we? This doesn't look like your regular dumpster.
Nine: All in good time! I guess now is a good time. We're on Mars, in a forgotten cavern abandoned by the native Martians a million years ago.
Fry: Actually, it was five years ago. I remember 'cause they washed my socks.
Nine: You have done well, Fry. You have ingratiated yourself with Leo Wong.
Fry: Yup, I kissed his ass from cheek to shining cheek. So, what do I do next?
Nine: As Wong security chief, you will be on hand when he attempts to destroy the violet dwarf. You must not let that happen.
Fry: "Must let happen."
Nine: Not happen!
Fry: "Must let occur."
Nine: Let me tell you a story. A story of two alien species so ancient that compared to them the human race is a mere college senior! On a distant planetoid they evolved to cooperate in their quest to survive.
Fry: Cooperation, because life is a team sport.
Nine: But, over time, one species evolved a better strategy, and an evolutionary arms race began.
Nine: That concludes the audio-visual portion of our head-clonk and lecture.
Fry: Wait, what happened to the snakes and the frogs? I need to know!
Nine: The frogs, or possibly the snakes, evolved into vicious killing machines, honed by the merciless forces of natural selection and intelligent design. We call these the Dark Ones!
Nine: Meanwhile, however, the second species evolved to fend off the Dark Ones, befriending and protecting all other living things.
Fry: Even Celine Dion?
Nine: Probably. We call these noble beings the Encyclopods, because their DNA incorporates the DNA of every endangered species they encountered, so they can recreate them if they go extinct.
Fry: Just as a pillow, a wig and a corncob pipe can be used to recreate my old girlfriend!
Nine: Bingo.

Transition Announcer: Meanwhile, at the Honeybun Hideout.
Labarbara: Now you know how it feels to be locked up in a go-go cage.
Hermes: What the hell are you talking about?
Labarbara: Shut your man-hole.
Hermes: I feel dirty.
Leela: Are you sure Fry is working for your father? It just doesn't seem like him to be so evil, or to hold down a job.
Amy: It's true, Leela. Cross My Heart bra and swear to Goddess.
Leela: But the Fry I know wouldn't do that. I'm gonna call his cell phone telephone and prove you wrong. Oh, no! Frida's been murdered!
Labarbara: Sweet she-cattle of Seattle.
Hermes : Not your strong suit, woman.
Amy: Who could have done this?
Leela: Your dad? Nixon?
Amy: Fry?
Leela: No, never. I don't think. Anyhow, there's a crazed murderer on the loose, possibly in the shadows or hanging from the ceiling. So just stay calm while I call Fry.
Fry: So where are the Encyclopods and the Dark Ones now?
Nine: Wh-... When the life-giving Chee receded, only the toughest organisms could adapt and survive, like the Dark Ones. Many more died out, like the Encyclopods. But, and this is the great secret of our age, we believe they left an egg behind.
Fry: Is it edible?
Nine: We're not gonna eat it! Not unless we find a second one. No, Fry, we intend to hatch it!
Hutch: And that's where you come in.
Fry: And here I am.
Nine: At long last the tide of Chee has returned, and its nourishing flow has awakened the dormant egg.
Fry: That's good.
Hutch: It's better than good. It's better. With its massive stash of DNA, the Encyclopod can reconstruct every species that ever went extinct.
Fry: So, where is this egg?
Nine: In the violet dwarf star system.
Fry: And what does it look like?
Nine: A violet dwarf star!
Fry: You mean, the whole star is a single... Whoa! Sci-fi.
Nine: Alas! Even now, a Dark One is headed to the star to ensure its destruction.
Fry: Dang! So what does this Dark One look like?
Nine: We don't know. I admit it's a horrifically grave situation.
Hutch: Don't sugarcoat it, Nine. The Dark Ones have been evolving so long, it could be anything or anyone. Or anybody.
Fry: You mean, like, people?
Hutch: Any people. It will kill the egg, and every dude, woman and child who knows about it.
Nine: Even our crazy caps will be useless at close range. That's why only you, with your defective unreadable brainwave, may be able to thwart them and usher in a new green age of wonder and...
Fry: You're on Fry-time. Leela! Did you get my message?
Leela: What message?
Fry: Didn't you see Frida Waterfall?
Leela: So you did kill Frida Waterfall?
Fry: What? No. I told her to tell you that I'm... Oh, Jeep! The Dark Ones got her. It's all true. We need to talk, Leela. Then I can explain... [Nine motions "No!"] Well, I can't explain anything, but we should talk anyway. Where are you?
Leela: Oh, no. I'm not gonna expose the Honeybun Hideout. Where are you?
Fry: Near the Keeler Crater on Mars. Do you know it?
Leela: I, I, uh... I think I read about it.
Leela: I'll meet you at the south rim in one hour. No moustaches.
Zapp: Kif, set coordinates, 36-24-36. AKA, Leela.

Fry: Ten minutes late. Ain't that just like a womanista?
Leela: Psst. Are you alone?
Fry: Of course, don't you trust me?
Zapp : There's no escape, Leela. If you surrender, wave your shirt in the air.
Leela: Fry, you traitor!
Amy : Hop onto the magnet, Leela!
Leela: Okay. One, two...
Leela: I can't believe you ratted me out, Fry.
Fry: I'm not a rat, I swear. If I'm any rodent, it's the loyal capybara, king of the rats! No, wait.
Amy: Stay strong, ladies. We can lose them in the giant miniature golf course.
Fry: But the course isn't finished. And there's no girls allowed.
Amy: Fore!
Zapp: So, they want to play mini golf, eh? Two can play at that game. Or even four, depending on the number of ball colors available.
Zapp: I choose pink.
Kif: That's their color, sir.
Zapp: The hell it is.
Leela: They're gaining on us. We need a birdie on the windmill hole.
Amy: Wait. Wait. Drop the boot!
Kif: Sir, at our present speed, the computer predicts a 100% chance we'll be sliced in half. We'll never make it.
Zapp: Not with that attitude, we won't. Same speed ahead!
Zapp: We made it through, Kif. How many men did we lose?
Kif: All of them.
Zapp: Well, at least they won't have to mourn each other. Seal the airlocks, and draw the shades. Resume shooting.
Fry: Oh, no! The gorilla! That's a par-four!
Leela: The mouth's too dangerous. I'm going for the nose.
Amy: Don't be a sucker. You won't come out anywhere near the hole. You need to aim for the jaws just when they start to close.
Leela: Start to close? Are you out of your...
Leela: We made it!
Zapp: Captaining 101 . Go for the nose.
Bender: My arms are broken, I'll never paint again.
Kif: You can't sue the military.
Bender: I'm okay then.
Zapp: Damage report.
Kif: We lost all remaining food and oxygen, Captain. As well as our XM Radio antenna.
Zapp: Then this chase is over. Kif, set course for the nearest XM repair facility. Meanwhile, we shall sing top hits from the '80s.
Kif: Which '80s, sir?
Zapp: For me, there are only one '80s. : Smell like I sound, I'm lost and I'm found. And I'm hungry like the wolf.
Hermes: The shot was too good! We're jamming straight for the hole.
Zoidberg: We're gonna crash, even.
Amy: Shmeesh, shmill out, shmeverybody. It's a wormhole hole.
Farnsworth: Of course, a wormhole! We'll simply disappear and reappear in a... ...nother part of the universe.
Amy: We made it!
Farnsworth: Uh, whaa...
Leela: Crud nuggets! We de-spaced right next to the Nimbus.
Zoidberg: Just when you think the chase is over, it gets twice as exciting!
Bender: Hey, look at that.
Zapp: Well, well, well. My bloodhound-like instincts must have hunted them down while my other parts were throbbing to Duran Duran.
Kif: Shall I initiate a pointless and potentially fatal pursuit?
Zapp: Make it so.
Bender: It's gonna be fun on a bun, in space.
Leela: Look! The asteroid. Now it's crawling with life. Like Zoidberg's sandals!
Fry: Wow! It's incredible.
Leela: But it'll be destroyed when Leo Wong blows up the violet dwarf. So why are you helping him?
Fry: I can't tell you, Leela. You just have to trust me.
Leela: You keep saying that, but you have to give me something to go on or I...
Planet Express Ship Alarm: Out of whale oil. Out of whale oil.
Leela: The out-of-fuel indicator. It's indicating.
Zoidberg: Say, what's that violet-colored dwarf-like star thing we're drifting into?
Leela: The violet dwarf star!
Fry: Of course. The gorilla was the 18th hole, so we're headed into the ball return.
Zoidberg: Aye, what else now can go wrong?
Zapp: Ladies, you're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded again and again.
Petunia: He'll never take me alive.
Leela: Don't give up yet. I've got one more trick up my sleeve.
Amy: That's exactly the number we need.
Zapp: Ah, the fairer sex.
Zapp: Something's very wrong here, and yet a little bit right.
Leela : Not so fast, Brannigan.
Bender : Even less fast, feministas!
Leela: Bender?
Bender: All two tons of me, and if you think that's shocking; wait 'til you see w...
Transition Announcer : Tune in next time on Futurama! ["TO BE CONTINUED..." appears on the screen]