
Bender: On the count of three, you will awaken feeling refreshed, as if Futurama had never been cancelled by idiots, then brought back by bigger idiots. 1... 2... .
Bender: This has been a test of the Emergency Hypnotoad System. Had this been an actual hypnosis, you would go limp and watch whatever crap comes on next. Comin' up next: Futurama!
Fry: Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy.
Farnsworth: OK.
Fry: That's all. Oh, also; I'm covered with severe burns.
Farnsworth: So!? What of it?
Fry: Well, why is those things?
Farnsworth: You mean you don't remember?
Fry: Nope, nothing. It's like when I passed out in college, except no one drew magic marker penises on my forehead.
Farnsworth: Well, I suppose it's for the best, considering the unbearable horrors you've endured. Let's never speak of it again. It all began a few days ago. We were interstellar fugitives on the run from the law.
Zapp: Fire all weapons and open a hailing frequency for my victory yodel.
Farnsworth: [voice over; flashback] And so, as you and Leela kissed goodbye in a tender display of toungesmanship, we plunged into a massive wormhole. Never to be seen again.
Bender: Yeah, we're back.
Hermes: Sweet coincidence of Port-au-Prince, we're back at Earth!
Farnsworth: Of course, that was the Panama Wormhole, Earth's central channel for shipping!
Zoidberg: How humorous.
Farnsworth: Yes! It's sort of a Comedy Central channel, and we're on it now!
Amy: I get it!
Fry: We've lost power to the forward Game Boy, Mario not responding!
Leela: Brace for emergency landing!
Farnsworth: Rodger that, activate Safety Spheres! Also mine has air conditioning.
Farnsworth: Yet, thanks to my trusty safety sphere, I surblibed with only tribial bray dablage.
Fry: And the others?
Farnsworth: Right here behind this horror cloth.
Fry: Are they dead?
Farnsworth: Oh, no no no, much worse.
Farnsworth: Move over God! Prepare for rebirth! Wrong switch.
Farnsworth: Come on, stem cells. Work your astounding scientific nonsense!
Fry: Fetal steam cells? Aren't those controversial?
Farnsworth: In your time yes, but nowadays, shut up! Besides, these are adult stem cells harvested from perfectly healthy adults, whom I killed for their stem cells.
Fry: Hermes Conrad!
Hermes: Oh, mon! I'm dripping with placenta! Good thing it's Casual Friday.
Fry: Amy Wong!
Amy: Oh, baby soft!
Farnsworth: Indeed.
Hermes: Dr. Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Hermes, my friend! Let me cut off your umbilical cord. Oops.
Fry: And the rest!
Amy: Hooray, we're back in business!
Zapp: Over my dead body. Uh, never mind.
Fry: Bender! Are the steam cells working?
Bender: I'm dying. I need mouth to ass resuscitation.
Fry: I'm on it! It's not working!
Bender: I die happy knowing you fell for that.
Farnsworth: His power supply is shot! He is flatlining! Only one thing can keep him alive. Possibly this thing.
Bender: Woo! I've never felt so energetic!
Farnsworth: That's because the doomsday device I shoved all up in you puts out 50 gigawatts. That's ten times your recommended--
Bender: Who are you? My warranty?
Farnsworth: For God's sake, Bender! Keep dancing, keep whooping it up! You must burn off the doomsday energy as fast as it produces, or it will build to critical levels.
Bender: You don't mean...
Farnsworth: Oh, but I do. If you stop partying for a single second, you'll explode and kill everyone here in a fireball of melting gears and splattered bowels.
Bender: Sounds like a party, baby!
Fry: Hey! Speaking of splattered bowels, can I cook you a romantic dinner tonight, Leela?... Where's Leela? Is she okay? Why hasn't she acknowledged my dinner offer?
Farnsworth: Something's wrong! She's not responding to my poking stick.
Fry: Poke harder, damn it!
Farnsworth: I'm poking as hard as I can! I'm sorry, Fry, but I'm afraid Leela is in an irreversible coma.
Bender: Coma, coma, coma, coma, coma, chameleon!
Fry: My soul mate is gone. Why should I go on living?
Bender: Because the pain slowly fades but the love is forever.
Fry: But, what if I forget the sweet sound of her voice or the moist touch of her eyeball on my lips?
Bender: Aw! Are you still hung up on Whatshername? Move on already!
Fry: Maybe you're right.
Bender: Maybe I'm always right.
Fry: Build-A-Bot Workshop? It's time to start living again!
Fry: At least it's something to distract me from Leela. Nah. Now that I like for some reason.
Robot Leela: I like jellybeans. Do you?
Fry: I sure do, honey.
Farnsworth: Come now, Fry! You can't live out this sick fantasy! Not without our help.
Hermes: These security tapes record everything at Planet Express. Including the ship, shower, and urinals.
Amy: And yet, it still hasn't stopped the elusive bathroom burglar.
Zoidberg: Maybe he's just trying to feed his family.
Hermes: Computer, analyze tapes and extract personality profile of one Turanga Leela.
Computer: Analyzing...analyzing...Checking my eBay bid. [the upper left screen flashes a message saying "Sorry, you've been outbid!"] Dammit. Analysis complete.
Fry: Hey, I was nuzzling that!
Computer: Attributes transferred...Shoe size 12...etc.
Robot Leela: Brace for emergency landing! What? We survived the crash? Oh, Fry!
Bender: Party people in the house say,
Robot Leela: This is wonderful! The last thing I remember I was dying in an explosion. Yet here I am in the flesh more alive than ever!
Fry: Alive?
Hermes: You better tell her, Fry.
Robot Leela: Tell me what?
Hermes: Anyway, my work is done. I'm gonna hit the showers.
Robot Leela: Nibbler, come give mama a hug! Ow! What the?! Bad Nibbler! Bad Nibbler! What are you doing, pooperdoodle? It's me, Leela.
Robot Leela: Am I really just a robot? I mean, I have Leela's memories! Her opinion of gazelles! Her emotions!
Fry: I swear. I didn't know this would happen. The only thing I truly know is I love you. I mean herWait, help me out here.
Bender: Do the Bender! Do the Bender!
Randy: No thank you.
Bender: I said, "Do it!"
Robot Leela: The truth is, Fry, I still have feelings for you. But are they really my feelings? Am I just an automaton or can a machine of sufficient complexity legitimately achieve consciousness?
Fry: I agree.
Robot Leela: I need some time to figure this out. Until then, friends?
Fry: Okay.
Bender: Listen up, disco dummies, you just flunked outta Bender's College for Party Knowledge!
Bender: Do the back dance! Do the back dance! Ooh....
Farnsworth : Good news, everyone...
Farnsworth : I'm going to make one final attempt to awaken Leela. After all, there's always hope.
Fry: Really?
Farnsworth: No, don't get your hopes up. Frankly, she's just a brainless mound of scabs and pus.
Fry: Oh! I didn't need to hear that.
Farnsworth: No, and you don't need to see this.
Machine: Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Machine: Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!!!! WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!
Farnsworth: Well, that's it. I'm afraid traditional medicine has failed.
Fry: No! I refuse to give up! Wake up, Leela! I! Love! You!
Robot Leela: Fry, stop. She's gone.
Farnsworth: Dr. Zoidberg, can you note the time and declare the patient legally dead?
Zoidberg: Can I? That's my specialty.
Hermes: As you all know, Leela's living will states that in the event of coma, her body is to be fed to the wild Cyclophage, a highly endangered creature that eats only cyclopses.
Bender: Yep, that's what her donor card says.
Fry: Goodbye, my love.
Farnsworth: The beast aproacheth.
Bender: To the beat y'all! To the beat y'all! I'm dancin' a jig wid ma feets y'all!
Amy : Bender, cut it out! People are trying to have emotions!
Bender : You think I wanna party? I'm sick of partying! Woohoo! More partying!
Leela: Bender, shut the hell up!
Farnsworth: Bender, stop shutting the hell up!
Bender: Oh, right. Leela's back. As if I care. Woo.
Leela: Thanks. It's so nice to wake up and see
Fry: Leela?!
Robot Leela: Leela?
Leela: Leela?
Hermes: Leela.
Leela: How is this possible? And can you believe she wore a tank top to my funeral?
Robot Leela: Shut up! We gotta get outta here!
Leela: No, you "Shut up! We gotta get outta here!"
Bender: Ooh, yeah, baby, come on!
Bender: All aboard the party ship!
Leela: There's no room for two captains' butts in this chair!
Robot Leela: There would be if you'd taken a spin class instead of lounging around in a coma!
Leela : This is crazy.
Leela: It's like I'm looking at an exact robot duplicate of myself.
Farnsworth: That is what you're looking at.
Leela: Oh. How could you do this, Fry?
Fry: Uh, coma. Sad.
Robot Leela: I have to go! This is just too freaky!
Fry: Don't get upset, Leela. She's nothing like you.
Leela: I have to go! This is just too freaky!
Fry: I need cheering up, Bender. I dunno. You wanna go out and party tonight?
Bender: I hate partying! If only I didn't have so much crunk in my badunkadunk! Ooh, yeah! Come on, babe!
Fry : Why does everything I date run away? I love Leela, always and forever. And if I loved Robot Leela, too...
Fry : ...well, that's only 'cause she had so much of real Leela in her. I thought she loved me, too, but, obviously, I was wrong as usual.
Leela: Wrong again. You were right.
Fry: Leela? Leela Leela?
Leela: Leela Leela. I've been thinking, Fry, if I lost you, I don't think I could stand it, either. I'd probably build a copy of you, too. As long as Robo-Leela's not a jealous type like me, thing will wor
Robot Leela: I'll kill you, you slut-clops! Hee-ya! He's mine!
Leela: Oh, back off, missy!
Amy: Somebody do something! Here, take this.
Fry: A gun?! D-Do I really need to?
Leela: Shoot her! She's the robot!
Robot Leela: No, shoot her! She's the human!
Fry: But-But how do I know who's the human and who's the robot?
Leela: We just told you!
Robot Leela: Yeah, you idiot!
Fry: Okay. Fine. If you're gonna be like that, I'm not shooting anyone. Whoa! Right between the lungs. Man, that was close.
Fry : I'm a robot, too!
Zoidberg: Aha! That explains this growth on your drive shaft.
Robot Fry: But how is this possible?
Farnsworth: Who knows? Oh, I do. Allow me to explain what really happened the day the ship crashed.
Fry: I'll protect you, Leela! My love is stronger than the vast majority of explosions!
Farnsworth : Fry did in fact save Leela, though at a terrible cost to himself. I tossed him into the stem cells but he just bubbled away like phlegm on a hot sidewalk.
Farnsworth : Leela was so upset, she went all Blade Runner and built a duplicate...
Farnsworth : ...then uploaded his personality from the urinal surveillance tapes.
Fry: I sure love Leela.
Farnsworth : Alas, in recreating Fry's adorable jelly belly, she had overstuffed him with copper wadding.
Farnsworth : The inevitable static discharged electrocuted Leela and destroyed both of their short-term memories.
Robot Fry: So that's why I'm so amazed by these things I already knew.
Farnsworth : What could I do? I hung up Leela with the other bone bags and went to procure the final ingredient for my stem cell brew.
Robot Fry: Professor, my Fry-fro's all frizzy.
Leela: My god, I can't believe I'll never see that particular Fry again.
Fry: Hey, where's my shoes?
Robot Fry: Fry!
Fry: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was already here. Wait, what's with all the Leelas?
Robot Fry: Trust me, don't ask.
Fry: Okay, dork. Listen, I'm gonna hit the urinal, maybe talk about myself a little bit, then
Robot Leela: Hang on! It's time to sort things out. The truth is I love Fry. That Fry.
Robot Fry: And I love Leela. Any Leela.
Robot Leela: We're robots and we're in love. Let's ditch these meat jackets.
Robot Fry: Whoa, cool!
Robot Fry: Hasta la vista, wiener!
Robot Leela: We'll be back...for our stuff.
Amy: Why did their voices change?
Farnsworth: That's the one thing we'll never truly understand.
Fry: Uh, this is a bit awkward. Or is it?
Leela: I'm not sure. I lost track around the second robot.
Fry: Well, you know how I feel. I waited for you for a thousand years. I can wait a little longer.
Bender: Pffft! What a load of mush! I've had it!
Amy : He's gonna blow!
Farnsworth: Party, Bender! Party for your life!
Bender: No chance, hot pants! I'd rather die and kill all of you than party for one more millisecond!
Leela: The cyclops eater!
Bender: Hold on, mac! It ain't like that!
Bender: Geez, what's it take to kill me?
Farnsworth: Bender, you blew out your excess capacity! You're cured!
Bender: Oh, sweet mercy. My hellish nightmare is over. I never have to party again.
Fry: Well, that's that, then. We're back, everyone!
Bender: Party!!
Zapp: Wheeee!