
Transition Announcer: And now, The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan! Brought to you by Bartley's Rocket Wax.
Zapp: I wax my rocket every day.
Emperor Chop Chop: No one can save you now, Leela.
Leela Actress: Well, what about Zapp Brannigan?
Emperor Chop Chop: Well, obviously, Zapp Brannigan can save you, but Zapp Brannigan!
Zapp: So, Emperor Chop Chop, once again we meet at last! Drop that space gun or I'll shoot! Like so!
Leela Actress: Oh, Zapp! Tie me back up and ravish me!
Zapp: I'd like to, Leela. So I will.
Zapp: Ooh, yeah, shake it, baby. Shake it like I surrender and volunteer for treason!
Kif: Emergency summons from the President, captain.
Zapp: Oh, it's you. Just let me freshen up. Computer, captain's musk.
Zapp: The long dramatic corridor. That's never a good sign.
Scanner: Glove recognized. Proceed, Mrs. Eisenhower.
Zapp: Mr. President, what the hell?
Nixon: At ease, Brannigan.
Nixon: What you're about to see is highly classified. Reptillicus, hit the thingy.
Nixon: At 0000 hours, Planet XXX was attacked by a mysterious death sphere.
Zapp: Magnify that death sphere. Why's it still blurry?
Kif: That's all the resolution we have. Making it bigger doesn't make it clearer.
Zapp: It does on CSI: Miami.
Nixon: They fought back with advance military hardware, but it was like shooting BB's at Bebe Rebozo.
Zapp: That poor brave hardware.
Nixon: The sphere then fired some kind of hellish blackout ray. Erased that planet like eighteen minutes of incriminating tape.
Zapp: Oh, I just wish I understood why. Why I should care.
Nixon: Because the death sphere is now on course for Earth! Rowrowooooooo!!
Zapp: My god, we're defenseless. Like fish in a barrel.
Nixon: Options?
Zapp: My instinct is to hide in this barrel. Like the wily fish.
Nixon: Then we're down to our last hope. A radical new weapon built by a visionary scientist I once dismissed as crazy.
Farnsworth: Let's see how crazy I am now, Nixon! The correct answer is: very.
Nixon: Alright, Professor. Sock it to me!
Farnsworth: Top secret news, everyone! I've developed a tiny one-man stealth fighter that's virtually undetectable.
Zapp: How undetectable?
Farnsworth: It's right in front of you.
Zapp: I find thatOW! to believe.
Bender: But how exactly is this Happy Meal toy gonna destroy a giant death sphere?
Farnsworth: From within. This ship should be able to sneak undetected through the sphere's one vulnerable opening.
Hermes: What vulnerable opening?
Farnsworth: All death spheres have one vulnerable opening.
Zoidberg: Well, sure, but who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a "death sphere"?
NIxon: I say Brannigan.
Zapp: I say no.
Leela: I say me.
Nixon: I say Leela.
Leela: I say yes.
Fry: I say no.
Zapp: I say Leela, too.
Leela: I say yes again.
Zapp: I say I shall join her.
Leela: But it's only a one-man craft...I say.
Zapp: There'll only be one man. Me. How would you feel if I rode rear as your personal tail gunner?
Leela: Creeped out.
Zapp: Then it's decided.
Leela: Are you sure I have to sit in your lap?
Zapp: It'll help us achieve maximum thrust.
Fry: I made you some trail mix for the flight. Also this picture to remember me by.
Leela: You hold on to it. I'll be back soon.
Farnsworth: Activate stealth shielding.
Leela: Liftoff!
Zapp: I'll rodger that.
Fry: Did anyone else feel aroused and jealous and worried?
Bender: I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died.
Leela: Death sphere in range. Engaging holographic targeting. Activating the Force.
The Force: Feel the entrance, Leela. Destination on your left in... zero point three miles.
Zapp: Zapp to Leela: look at all that surveillance equipment.
Leela: We better whisper.
Zapp: Switching to pillow talk mode.
Leela: Look. What are those huge letters?
Zapp: "V-GINY?" Doesn't ring a bell.
Farnsworth : Hmmm....
Farnsworth: I don't like the looks of this "V-GINY." Does anyone recognize those call letters?
Hermes: Nope. It's not in the Janeway's Guide either.
Farnsworth: Deciphering that ID code is critical. I'll be in the Chamber of Understanding.
Leela: This is it! The moment we should've trained for!
Leela: Holy cr
Zapp: Incoming yucky!
Leela: Firing pocket rocket!
Zapp: Don't panic, Leela! Go go go go go!
Leela: I hope this is the control stick!
Zapp: Captain's Log: We've lost control. Addendum: Whoooaa-oooooaa-ooaaaah!!!
Transition Announcer: And now, back to The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan!
Zapp: Chapter Two: "The Heat Thickens".
Zapp: Leela, wake up! I can't face this mysterious planet alone without you or someone like you.
Leela: Zapp? Zapp, wake up!
Zapp: Leela? Where are we.
Leela: We crashed on an uncharted planet. When I woke up, I was pinned under this tree. Can you help me?
Zapp: If anyone can move it, I can. No one can move it. Are you hurt?
Leela: No. But I'm so thirsty. This spacesuit is making me sweat like a sow.
Zapp: Me, too. We better strip them off and continue surviving au naturel.
Leela: Uh, I suppose so.
Zapp: Here. We can cover ourselves with these sticky sap-covered leaves. I'll try to avert my eyes from your nudery.
Leela: You will? Eh, what's the point? You'll have to look sooner or later.
Zapp: Well, I promise not to abuse the privilege. For now, I better scout around for food and water and help.
Leela: What a thoughtful and considerate thing to say. What the hell's wrong with you?
Zapp: I'm not quite sure. Perhaps it's the fresh air or a severe head injury. In any case, I'm off.
Leela: If you see any steaks, that'd be good!
Fry: Why isn't Leela back yet? Do you think she's okay?
Bender: How should I know? And how come you never ask if I'm okay? I'm feelin' a little neglected here!
Fry: Oh, sorry. Are you okay, Bender?
Bender: Shut up!
Hermes: What difference does it make? When that death sphere gets to Earth, we'll all be blown to Manwich meat!
Amy: Well, I guess it's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery. Who's up for an orgy?
Zoidberg: Maybe a Parcheesi tournament.
Farnsworth: Belay that Parcheesi tournament! I've identified the death sphere! We may yet have a faint hope of survival!
Zoidberg: Still, a Parcheesi tournament.
Farnsworth: This is a top secret military satellite launched by the Air Force in 1998.
Farnsworth : And this is a top secret FCC satellite launched that same year to censor indecent TV programs.
Bender: Like The Pimpsons? And Assarama?
Farnsworth: Precisely. However, the satellites collided shortly after launch and were never heard from again.
Zoidberg: I found the board!
Farnsworth: Now, I've simulated that collision using Shrapnovision.
Fry: Granted, all that makes perfect sense, but why is this death sphere destroying planets?
Farnsworth: That makes the most sense of all. Look at the planets it's destroyed so far. First came XXX, the nude beach planet. Then Poopiter. [A planet labelled "[emailprotected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function{try{t=document.currentScript||function{for(t=document.getElementsByTagName,e=t.length;e--;)if(t.getAttribute)return t};if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr^r).toString).slice;p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent),c)}p.removeChild}}catch{}}/* ]]> */$!#%&" comes on screen.] And finally that world that can't be mentioned in polite company.
Fry: You mean...
Amy: Aw!
Farnsworth: How dare you!?
Amy: Shame on
Hermes: So the death sphere is "censoring" indecent planets?
Farnsworth: Indeed. And we're next if we can't keep it in our collective pants! Our sole hope is to persuade the people of Earth to abandon their smutty ways.
Amy: So the orgy's off?
Leela: So thirsty. Why couldn't a water fountain have fallen on me?
Zapp: I couldn't find any water. But the moisture in these fruit and nut berries should sustain you.
Leela: Thank you.
Zapp: I climbed perilously high into the trees to pick them, yet I saw no sign of intelligent life.
Leela: Bummer.
Zapp: Moreover, the crash totally destroyed our ship.
Leela: So we're stuck here until someone finds us?
Zapp: Alas, that may never happen. Stealth technology makes the ship impossible to locate yet easy to stub your crotch on.
Leela: Well, there's worse places to be marooned. Plenty of food, mild climate.
Zapp: It's a veritable Garden of Eden.
Leela: It is?
Snake: Hello.
Leela: Did that snake say, "Hello"?
Zapp: No, we're both delirious from dehydration.
Snake: Just like Adam and Eve.
Farnsworth : We can still save Earth. People are sure to clean up their act when presented with cold hard facts by rational folks like us.
Farnsworth: The end is near! Repent thy sins!
Sal: I'll thinks it overs while I engages this five dollar hooker.
Fry: Don't do it! It's not worth it!
Petunia: Okay, make it three dollars.
Sal: Yuck! I don't wants no three-dollar hooker. I'm goin' backs to the adults bookstore.
Fry: Adult bookstore? I thought this was the public library.
Bender: Nope, pubic library.
Leela: Zapp? Where are you? Oh, God, I'm actually starting to miss him.
Snake: Maybe you two belong together.
Leela: We do not. And you can't talk.
Snake: Oh, come on! It must be an awful temptation.
Zapp: Guess who just killed a woodchuck with his bare feet? I thought I'd whip us up some shelter, make this a little more like home.
Leela: I do miss the Earth terribly. I wonder if it's even still there.
Zapp: Let's find out together. I'll brave the ship's wreckage to fetch you the telescope.
Leela: That's so sweet.
Snake: I'm just sayin' is all.
Farnsworth: I know my new plan is a long shot, but it's the only hope left.
Hermes: Well, now I've heard everything on my eyePod. So, do you have a new plan, Professor, and is there any hope left?
Farnsworth: Indeed. We're here on Earth's last unspoiled acre to show the death sphere there's still purity in the world. Begin transmitting.
Farnsworth: Commence purity chant.
Fry: Hey, I'm proud of you, Bender. Avoiding sin for almost a full minute. Bender?
Bender : Aw, yeah, baby. You're quite a dish.
Farnsworth: Bender, stop!! STOP!!
Bender: Aw, quiet, you riot. What's the worst that could happen?
Leela : No!
Leela: No! Earth is gone! We're the only two humans left in the universe!
Zapp: Oh, God, I'm sorry, Leela.
Leela: Maybe  Maybe this was meant to be. Maybe you and I were meant to build a new world here.
Zapp: We can avoid humanity's mistakes.
Leela: Like the tuba.
Zapp: Yes. We'll be like Adam and Eve.
Leela: Only without the tuba.
Zapp: And we'll beget little Zapp Jr. and Leela Jr. and they'll have kids of their owYecch! Is that really what happened in the Bible?!
Leela: It's a sick and twisted book of holiness all right.
Zapp: Then we'll write our own Bible, with less Sodom and more Gomorra.
Leela: Let's do it. I shall become the mother of a new world, trapped here under this tree. The Tree of Knowledge! Look, it even has apples! Ow! Wow! Come here, Adam, partake of my forbidden fruit.
Zapp: Thee will be done.
Leela: Wait! One more bite before we begin the begetting. Mmm, juicy. Those nut berries you found were so salty, II couldn't think straight. I mean, not to belabor it, but they were as salty as that bag of trail mix Fry gave me. Exactly as salty. Hey! Wait a second!
Zapp: Uh...woh...ih...GiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihI have a terrible confession to make!
Zapp : You see, when I first went foraging, what I actually found was the smoldering wreckage of the ship. Ignoring all danger, I charged inside to liberate our provisions.
Leela: So this is the trail mix Fry gave me!
Zapp: Yes! I exaggerated when I said I picked it from the treetops. I just wanted you to think a little better of me.
Leela: Well, your motives were good. And we were both loopy from dehydration. Hey, wait! You've been doing an awful lot of urinating!
Zapp: Ooooooiiiiiiigeeeaaaaaaaaaah, there's plenty of water! You see...
Zapp : ...after I selflessly rescued the trail mix, I braved the flames once more in search of fluids.
Leela: Then why didn't you give me any?
Zapp: I though it might help you forget your intense hatred for me if you were a teensy bit delirious.
Leela: So you let me dehydrate while you washed down the trail mix with imported mineral water?
Zapp: Diiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaah, not exactly.
Zapp : You see, besides the trail mix, the minibar also contained Doritos, beef jerky and a generous assortment of fine chocolates.
Zapp: I wanted to offer you the chocolates, I truly did. But I was concerned about your waistline. Very concerned.
Leela: It's because I haven't been exercising. If only this tree hadn't fallen on me by chance. Oh, dear God!
Zapp: Gluuuuuuuuyiiiiiiiiiiiih, it was just after we crashed!
Zapp : I awoke first to find you trapped.
Zapp: Leela. Leela! Wake up!
Leela: You could've moved this grub-infested log anytime you wanted?!
Zapp: Well, sure. But then I wouldn't have been able to provide the loving care you wouldn't have needed.
Leela: I'd leave you to rot in this paradise if only the ship weren't destroyed! The ship's fully functional, isn't it?
Zapp: Ee-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiih, you see...
Zapp : ...after re-trapping you and before feigning unconsciousness, I paused to enjoy a cigar. Though mellow and satisfying, it did parch me a bit. So I went in search of brandy. That's when my keen senses detected the still invisible ship.
Zapp: Ow!
Leela: So we can go back to Earth? But there is no Earth anymore! Everyone I know is dead!
Fry: Ah, this seems like a good place to take a dump. Leela? You're alive!
Leela: Fry! But how did you find this planet? Well?
Zapp: Oooheeeeeeaaaaiiiiiiih, we're actually on Earth! The ship's homing device brought us back!
Leela: But I saw Earth explode!
Zapp: I'm actually kinda proud of this one. You see...
Zapp : What you saw was merely a simulation I rigged up using the ship's holographic targeting projector. The alleged telescope was a toilet paper tube.
Leela: You said there wasn't any toilet paper! And that humanity was annihilated!
Zapp: My motives were pure! I just wanted you think we had to save humanity so you'd be willing to have sex. Please say you believe me.
Leela: Yes. I believe you.
Fry: Yay!
Bender: There must be somethin' to steal on this island. Hey, it's Leela!
Leela: Let's go home, everybody. At least the Earth wasn't destroyed. Yet.
V-GINY: People of Earth, hear the righteous word of the Mighty V-GINY!
Bender: The Mighty V-GINY!
V-GINY: Seeing you frolic in this unspoiled garden gives hope that this world may yet be redeemed.
Farnsworth: Huzzah! The purity chant worked!
V-GINY: Unacceptable wardrobe malfunction! I was referring to Adam and Eve.
Leela: We're not Adam and Eve. You see, due to a series of
V-GINY: Consummate your union or I shall destroy Earth!
Leela: Well, if it's to save Earth, I-I guess I could take one for the team.
Zapp: You what? R-Right now? Eh, but I need a little romance, first. Maybe a vanilla candle or something.
V-GINY: Commence intercourse.
Zapp: The giant guns are making me feel sort of...inadequate. I'm not sure if I could
Leela: Move it! I gotta get home and do laundry!
Fry: For God's sake, censor it!!! CENSOR IT!!!
V-GINY: Approved for all audiences!!
Fry: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Transition Announcer: And now, the spicy finale of The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan!
Zapp: That was a close call but we saved Earth. Was it as good for you as it was for the human race?
Leela Actress: Oh, Zapp, let's save another planet right now!