
Linda: We now go live to our eye-in-the-sky hovercopter on the scene of that terrible hovercopter crash. Jim?
Jim: The scene is not good, Linda. I've just learned that my last words were: back to you, Linda.
Linda: One for the blooper reel.
Kif: The news is so violent. Let's watch Rachael Ray instead. No, wait. There might be chopping.
Amy: God, what a wuss. Stop being such a spineless jellyfish.
Kif: You know full well that I am more closely related to the sea cucumber.
Amy: Not where it counts.
Morbo: I hated Jim! In other news, our city's urine-soaked walls have been desicrated by a mysterious tile-work graffiti artist.
Linda: Police have no idea who is behind this innovative scourge of public art.
Bender: That is one sexy bridge abutment.
Hyper-Chicken: Free corn? That'll suit me just fine.
Bender: The key is knowing precisely where to strike. Oops!
URL: Well, well. Time to beat him his rights.
Smitty: You know, that don't look half bad on your buttocks.
URL: It does sorta class-up the place.
Clock: The time is 4 am.
Amy: We've been arguing all night, Kif. Can't we go to bed?
Kif: Is that all you ever think about? I'm not just some piece of tofu, Amy. I need to know where we stand in our relationship.
Amy: We're just going through a rough patch.
Kif: It is not a patch. It's been ages, according to your wildly inappropriate "Hunk of the Month" calender.
Amy: Leave Todd out of this!
Todd: Thanks, babe. Also, today is Canadian Independence Day.
Amy: Oh, that's Bender's ringtone. I recognize the smell. Hello?
Bender: Yo, Amy, I'm in the slammer.
Amy: Oh, no!
Bender: That's enough lip from you, moneybags. Just get 5 grand an bail me out.
Amy: I don't have that kind of money laying around.
Bender: Yeah, you do. You know that floor safe where you keep 10 grand? There's 5 grand in there. Don't make me wait!
Roberto: Hey, Bender. Ever kill a man with a sock? It ain't so hard. Ha-HAA.
Bender: I better carve a shiv for protection.
URL: Rodrguez! These two brothers bailed your ass out.
Bender: Oh! Thank God. Tell me, have things changed on the outside. Is food finally in pill form? What about pills? Are they in food form?
Larry the Murder Burglar: Hey, hot stuff. I'm Larry the Murder Burglar.
Amy: Hi, Larry. I like your tattoos.
Kif: Amy, that man's a criminal!
Amy: I was just checking out his tats. Sneato! I have one of my mom. Wanna see?
Larry the Murder Burglar: Sure.
Kif: I just don't understand why you have to flirt with every bad boy in sight.
Amy: Quit exaggerating.
Criminal: Nobody move, or sweet cheeks here gets it!
Amy: Oh! You're bad!
URL: Momma said, Spock you out!
Kif: That's it, Amy. Pardon my language, but I have had it with you ruffling my petticoats. You and I are through.
Bender: Aw! Here's a little song I wrote to cheer you up. It's called, Let's go already!
Leela: Here's to Amy, single, lonely, and fabulous.
Amy: Thanks everybody. Looks like I'm back in the game.
Bender: Yeah, the game of Old Maid.
Security woman: Excuse me, sir, are those yours?
Bender: You're damn right. And, before you ask, this is mine too.
Fry: Tough break, Amy. Are you and Kif getting divorced?
Amy: No. Technically we were Fonfon rus, so we weren't really married.
Bender: Wow! The interesting thing about that is
Leela: So, Amy, how can I phrase this delicately? Why did Kif dump you like a sack of yesterday's turds?
Amy: He says I have a thing for bad boys. It's so stupid.
Bender: The truth is often stupid.
Amy: Bender, why do you have to be so mean to me?
Bender: Shut up, baby, you love it.
Amy: Don't tell me to shut up! You know what happened to the last guy that told me to shut up?
Bender: What?
Amy: That was great.
Bender: Shut up. Come over here.
Amy: Remember, love between a human and a robot is taboo. We can't tell anyone, not even our co-workers.
Bender: Got it. I'll show the utmost discretion as we get nasty in this glass tube.
Hermes: I think I'm coming down with circusitis. [He sneezes and his face gets traditional clown fare: make-up, orange wig, and rubber nose.]
Leela: I thought circusitis only affected children.
Hermes: Children of all ages.
Zoidberg: Bender, old friend. What's on your face?
Bender: Uh. Blood. You know, from shaving of the face-beard.
Fry: Amy, are those gear imprints on your sweatpants?
Amy: Uh, maybe. So what?
Fry: I only brought it up because Bender is wearing them.
Bender: Uh, I stole them from her. Yeah, that's it, call the cops.
Hermes: Oh, my swollen feet. He takes his feet out of the tub of water. They have turned into clown shoes] I better take my pills.
Bender: Amy, I reckon sweet talk don't come natural to me, but of everyone I've ever dated, you are probably in the top ten.
Amy: Aw, you always say just the wrong thing in just the right way.
Preacherbot: Sinners! Robosexuality is an abomination!
Bender: Oy, this guy.
Preacherbot: The good book sayeth a robot shall not lie down with a human, nor do it standing up, nor any angle in between.
Bender: Look! A single mother! Let's get her!
Farnsworth: Quickly, into the ship's basement! Now, then, as you all know, the county fair is approaching once again, so I'm preparing my entry of pickled winds and weathers. I've got sunny, snow flurry, hail with onions, even my grandmother's cranberry-raisin typhoon, but no tornado. I'll be damned if I let Mrs. Girdleson take the blue ribbon again. That's why I need you folks to get out there and harvest a nice ripe one. This cattle prod should help.
Leela: How is that?
Farnsworth: Get out there!
Leela: Is everybody in position?
Amy: What?
Zoidberg: Is someone talking?
Leela: Okay, good. On three. One.
Hermes: What did she say?
Leela: Two.
Bender: Wait, I'm not in position.
Leela: Three.
Zoidberg: I'm ready for the countdown.
Leela: I'm not hearing anyone! Abort mission!
Fry: She said, "Go!"
Farnsworth: Good work, everyone.
Leela: Honestly, that went better than I expected.
Farnsworth: I just need to reduce it down into this pickle jar, toss in a bay leaf to impress those stupid judges.
Fry: Hey, where's Amy and Bender?
Zoidberg: They're missing out on some hot pickle action.
Hermes: Sounds like a muskrat's caught in there.
Leela: That's Amy's sweatshirt!
Fry: And that's Bender's hat from the Player's ball!
Hermes: Sweet tornadoes of Barbados! Bender and Amy have been torn to shreds!
Farnsworth: Oh, the humanity! Also Bender!
Amy: Uh-oh!
Farnsworth: What's going on here?
Bender: Uh. Nothing.
Farnsworth: A pair of deviant robosexuals. Not under my roof!
Bender: What about on the roof?
Farnsworth: Get your mind out of the gutter!
Bender: What about in the gutter?
Leela: Professor, there is nothing wrong with robosexuality.
Hermes: Yeah, when the lights go out, it's nobody's business what happens between two consenting adults.
Zoidberg: Or one!
Amy: Thanks, guys. Everything will be okay just as long as my parents don't find out.
Farnsworth: Zai jian.
Amy: Mom? Dad?
Leo: Come home, Amy. It your decision. We can't make you. Atta girl!
Bender: Uh-oh! not the innocent whistling!
Preacherbot: Repent!
Bender: Oy, this guy.
Inez: Look, we're your family. And if you can't talk about your problems with us, that would be great.
Amy: I don't have a problem! I'm in a happy relationship that just happens to be robosex-
Leo: You finish that word, you kill your parents.
Wine Bucket: Low wine level detected.
Amy: Thank you.
Leo: Stop seducing him, you hussy!
Amy: Dad, gleesh! I'm attracted to Bender, not his emotionless wine bucket!
Wine Bucket: Hopes deleted.
Preacherbot: Robotic brothers, the path to Robot Hell is paved with human flesh.
Bender: Neat!
Preacherbot: Over the course of this escape-proof workshop, your software will be reprogrammed through prayer. And by some tech support guys in India.
Robosexual Robot: But I read in Esqwired that some robots are hardwired to be robosexual.
Preacherbot: Don't believe those lies, son! The one ones worth believing are the ones in the Bible. Can I get an "Amen"?
Hermaphrobot: I'll take a-three-men, holla!
Inez: Come on, Amy! Pick a male human already! I want to be a grandmother nine months from five minutes from now.
Amy: Cut it out, Mom! I'm not interested in any of these gross, ugly losers.
Fry: What about this gross, ugly, smelly loser?
Leo: Fry! What you doing here?
Fry: I'm here to rescue Amy, uh... from her robosexual desires.
Amy: If I understand you correctly, I've seen the error of my ways?
Leo: Look at all that awkward winking.
Inez: It must be love.
Amy: My parents may be evil, but at least they're stupid.
Preacherbot: In this phase, you will literally wrestle with your demons. Your shapely, buxom, human demons.
Fatbot: Look at the rack on that one! Oh! I mean, that one on the rack!
Preacherbot: Good! That's real good! Okay, everybody switch demons. No point sticking with just one demon. Now, work it hard! Harder! Till the sin explodes! Ouch! Mmmm. Mercy. Okay, Lord's work is done. Now, now, cuddle. Cuddle with your demons.
Bender: Oh, Amy. I wonder where you are right now!
Amy: I'm inside the dummy to rescue you.
Bender: That answers that. Wait... Amy?
Leela: Bender, be careful!
Bender: Fry? Leela? You're in there, too? Blech.
Zoidberg: I guess we should have waited in the ship.
Bender: Listen up, everybody, I love Amy and I'm tired of pussyfootcupping around! I finally found someone I want to spend the rest of her life with. Amy, will you marry me?
Amy: Yes! Yes!
Farnsworth: Oh, I'm just glad I didn't live to see this day! Wait a second, No!
Zoidberg: Such a stone. Is it real? Horray!
Farnsworth: Horray denied! Need I remind you that robosexual marriage is illegal!
Leela: Not in Space Massachusetts.
Bender: You mean Space-tax-achusetts. No chance, stretch pants! We're gonna fight to legalize it right here!
Hermes: Yeah, man! You got to legalize it!
Amy: We're talking about robosexual marriage.
Hermes: We're talking about lots of stuff.
Fry: Cool! Can you turn into a race car?
Hot Dog Stand: Nah, I'm just a pre-op transformer.
Amy: Thank you for coming, everyone. We're all having some good, clean fun here.
Hedonism Bot: Squeaky, squishy clean!
Amy: But it's time to discuss a pressing issue, the right to marry who, or what, we want!
Bender: Every other couple has the right to marry, robot and fembot, [Cut to the Donbot and Fanny, man and woman, [Pan to Pauly Shore and Michelle, man and man
Randy: Our poodle has two daddies.
Bender: Interracial, , Interplanetary, , even ghost and horse, but not robot and human.
Amy: That's why we're introducing this ballot initiative to legalize robosexual marriage.
Bender: If you hate intolerance and begin punched in the face by me, please support Proposition Infinity!
Bender: Damn it!


Linda: As election day nears, prop infinity seems doomed to certain defeat.
Morbo: Doooooooomed!
Linda: More fair and balanced coverage after a word from our sponsor, No on Infinity.
Actor 1: A storm is gathering.
Actor 2: A storm of robosexual marriage that will rain down on us like fire.
Actor 1: It's probably a firestorm.
Actress: If robosexual marriage becomes legal, imagine the horrible things that will happen to our children, then imagine we said those things, since we couldn't think of any. As a mother, those things worry me.
Man: Vote No on Infinity. Paid for by the Farnsworth Foundation.
Amy: We can't compete against that much stock footage of clouds! We're boned!
Bender: But we still have one hope, my big televised debate! I'm our A in the hole!
Fry: Professor, who's debating for your side?
Farnsworth: Oh, that guy, you know, I forget his name.
Farnsworth: That's him!
George Takei's head: Good evening, I'm George Takei's head and neck, your host for tonight's debate. You may applaud. We flipped a coin before the debate and Bender stole it, so we'll start with him.
Bender: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I... Oops. Sorry, force of habit. I support this proposition because I love a goopy, flesh-and-blood woman, and not surprisingly, she loves me. This is a simple matter of justice, which I'm not normally for. So, please, vote yes. After all, our love isn't any different than yours, except it's hotter, 'cause I'm involved.
Takei: I haven't heard such an eloquent speech since Bill Shatner explained why he couldn't pay me back. Rebuttal, Professor?
Farnsworth: This $4 coffee pot talks about love, but what he describes is perversion.
Bender: You wouldn't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles! You're just jealous, 'cause you've never known true love.
Farnsworth: Oh, no? Back when I was full of piss and vinegar, and my bed wasn't, I fell in love with the sweetest girl to ever skip through a field of posies. Her name was Eunice, and we spent our blissful days working in a lab, developing a poison to wipe out that dreadful posy infestation. I thought our love would last forever. But then, 43 years later, she left me for a robot! How could she do that to me, her Farnypoo?
Amy: That's it? You hate robosexual 'cause your girlfriend left you for a robot?
Farnsworth: She didn't just leave me for a robot. She was a robot! Oh, God! Her name wasn't Eunice, it was Unit! Unit 47. My heart was broken, and like a bitter, old picklepuss, I took my anger out on robosexuals everywhere. I'm so ashamed! At the risk of losing this debate, I beg you, support Proposition Infinity.
Bender: Give me a hug.
George Takei's head: I, too, am hugging them in spirit. And now, they're hugging me back. Oh, my!
Linda: In a stunning turnout, voters have approved Proposition Infinity. Robosexual marriage is now legal.
Morbo: What's next, gay robosexual marriage?
Amy: We did it, honey! Finally, we can have a legal, monogamous marriage, like everyone else!
Bender: Woo-hoo! Yeah! ... Monogamous?
Radio announcer: And now, a long-distance dedication from a squishy, green bad boy to his pink pork dumpling. At number 12, it's Wailing Fungus with "Shut Up and Love Me".
Wailing Fungus: I told you where.
I told you when.
I told you how.
And we'll meet up at ten.
But you keep on talkin'.
You keep on yackin'.
Chorus: Shut up and love me! Shut up and love me!