Farnsworth: I fear I may not survive this war reenactment. I can't believe were only twelve feet from the parking lot.
Fry: This is every bit as fun as the real Civil War.
Leela: Not the Civil War private. Were reinacting the Sith-il War. [She points to a plaque that says "Sith Invasion of 2865 Historic Site"]
Fry: Sith? What the Hoth?
Bender: Enemy invaders! Up in yonder sky!
Darth Stroyer: I am Darth Stroyer.
Fry: Darth Stroyer? Thats the stupidest name Ive ever heard.
Leela: Lets hear the rest.
Darth Trocious: Darth Trocious.
Darth Sploder: Darth Sploder.
Darth Urderer: Darth Urderer.
Darth Ithead: Darth Ithead.
Leela: Company! Attack!
Hermes: Dont fire until you see the greens of their eyes! It saves on bullets.
Darth Stroyer: I shall rip out your heart and show it to you! It is done.
Scruffy: The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. Mhrm.
Darth Sploder: You're dead!
Farnsworth: No, I'm just very old.
Darth Sploder: Woah! That's good acting!
Fry: It's payback time, Sploder!
Darth Sploder: Tell my mother... to pick me up outside Quiznos.
Hermes: That's three dead. Uh-oh. Let's pick up the pace, people. At this point in the actual war, the death toll was ninety-eight million.
Bender: You humans and your fragile organs. One little stab to the goo and
Darth Trocious: You're dead, Earth man!
Bender: Oh, cruel fate, I'm dead. They're putting me in my Sunday suit and shoving me in a wooden box. Now they're loading me into cold, cold ground. Hello! Here come the worms!
Fry: If you were really dead, you wouldn't be laughing so hard.
Bender: Yeah, yeah. Death's a big deal to you flesh bags. But in case you didn't notice, I'm a robot.
Fry: So? What if something heavy fell on you, like a church? You could still die.
Bender: Nuh-uh! My wireless back-up unit saves a copy of me every day. So, if my body gets killed, big whoop, I just download into another body. I'm immortal, baby!
Amy: What? Then how come you always scream so much when you're in danger?
Bender: I never said I wasn't a drama queen.
Hermes: And the winner of the war is... let me just cross check my tabulation here. Factor in the corsages for the widows.
Bender: Hurry up, you number-crunching crumb-nuncher! Everybody but me is dying of old age!
Hermes: Okay. The winners, at a net cost of only $12 per life cut tragically short, our Sith Overlords.
Darth Sploder: Hot diggity! I mean... Supreme diggity.
Fry: It may have been a fake war, but my scuffed knee is all too real.
Farnsworth: I have pain in joints I had removed a century ago. Bender, bring me my soft chair with the wheels on it.
Bender: Your wheelchair?
Farnsworth: I don't need a wheelchair! The one with the wheels!
Bender: Poor flimsy humans. Don't you wish you were flawless like me? A towering inferno of physical perfection?
Leela: I hate to pop your blimp-like ego, but you're not perfect.
Bender: Am so!
Leela: Are not!
Bender: Is too!
Leela: Says who?
Bender: Says the only human whose opinion I even remotely respect. Inspector 5, the best inspector a kid could want. The day I was built, he looked me over, probably with tears of pride in his eyes, and proclaimed to all the world, by means of this scrap of paper, that I was perfect and infallible in every way!
Farnsworth: Hey, Mr. Perfect? You wet the chair.
Bender: Huh? Wasn't me. Must be some of that urine your all so proud of.
Fry: That's not urine, it's oil.
Bender: Impossible! I'm triple sealed to prevent any chance of ...
Zoidberg: You call that an ink defense? Goodbye, friends!
Bender: What could have caused the leak? Excessive heat, on the count that I'm so hot?
Farnsworth: Alas, no. Oh, Bender, I'm afraid it's a symptom of a fatal defect.
Bender: Yeah, fatal schmatal. If I die I can just download my backup copy into a new, equally fabulous, body.
Farnsworth: That's just it! You can't. You were built without a backup unit.
Bender: There's no backup copy of me?
Farnsworth: That's what I just said, you mortal coil.
Bender: So, if I die...
Farnsworth: You die. Or as you put it
Bender: Um, excuse me for a moment. No!
Bender: I can't believe it! I'm gonna die.
Fry: How much time does he have left, Professor?
Farnsworth: Between a minute and a billion years.
Fry: Well, at least you can plan accordingly.
Bender: Dying sucks butt! How do you living beings cope with mortality?
Leela: Violent outbursts.
Amy: General sluttiness.
Fry: Thanks to denial, I'm immortal.
Bender: Damn it, I'm supposed to be perfect. Inspector 5 gave me his blessing! How could he bring me into this world knowing I gonna die?
Zoidberg: So you wish you were never born, maybe?
Bender: Yes, anything less than immortality is a complete waste of time!
Zoidberg: Then suicide it is. Step into my office. I'll give you a nice Kervorking.
Bender: Not until I hunt down Inspector 5 and beat an explanation out of him!
Leela: I'm all for a good beating, but you'll never find him. Product inspectors are bureaucrats, faceless bean counters who blend into the woodwork.
Hermes: I beg to differ!
Bender: Stinking bureaucrats! I hate 'em.
Leela: Then again, you might be able to find Inspector 5 with the help of another seasoned bureaucrat.
Bender: Hermes, old pal!
Hermes: Old pal? 8.5 seconds ago, you said you hated me.
Bender: Time heals all wounds.
Hermes: You know what? I will help you, but only to prove I'm not just a paper-pushing file-jockey.
Amy: Will you be taking your portable filing cabinet?
Hermes: None of your beeswax!
Hermes: I'll only be away an hour, but I'm counting on you to do the all-critical filing in my absence. Shall we review alphabetical order. A, B, C, D...
Leela: Get out of my office!
Old man: Yes. I'd like to request a death certificate.
Woman: Sorry. That's Building C.
Hermes: The Central Bureaucracy maintains records on all bureaucrats. We should be able to look up Inspector 5.
Man: Application for ingress approved. And the other potential entrant?
Hermes: Uh, he's my pencil sharpener.
Bender: You betcha!
Man: Proceed.
Hermes: I maintain a cubicle here for weekend getaways.
Bender: Wow! Until now, I thought giant cubes were exciting.
Bender: I did like the part where they screamed.
Hermes: This is mine. Right next to the center square.
Center Square Guy: Sorry, Hermes. I drank all your white-out.
Hermes: Once I log in, I can access Inspector 5's profile.
Bender: Damn it! It won't go on.
Hermes: That's because you're not me.
Bender: Hooray! It won't go on!
Hermes: The bureaucra-scan won't let anyone but the assigned bureaucrat log in.
Computer: Identity confirmed. Also, you have a rectangular mass in your colon.
Hermes: That's a calculator. I ate it to gain its power.
Bender: You locate Inspector 5 while I slip into my ass-kicking feet.
Hermes: Sweet File-not-found of Puget Sound! His record's been blanked!
Bender: Aw, man! How am I going to find some anonymous guy I don't know anything about?
Center Square Guy: I recommend the men's room of the TWA terminal. [He laughs and a red "X" appears on his desk]
Leela: Okay. Just filing alphabetically. A, B, C, D... Oh, this requires a little extra thought. I'm a natural.
Hermes: The information we need will be here, in the physical files.
Bender: [Rolling up his "sleeves"] Those bastards won't know what leafed through them. It's on!
Hermes: No! This is impossible! Quit blacking out and look at this. Inspectors 1, 2, 3, 4... 6. There's no trace of Inspector 5!
Bender: But 5's the one we want. Maybe if I kicked the asses of Inspector 2 plus Inspector 3...
Hermes: Addition never solve anything, man. Let's cut our losses and go home.
Bender: So I'm doomed to die? And I'll never even get to punch whoever's responsible? Oh, what's the point.
Hermes: Bender, no! Suicide isn't necessarily the answer!
Bender: It's not a suicide booth, you lard-ass. It's a phone booth.
Hermes: They have phones in booths now? Finally, I don't have to lug this cellphone around.

Mom: Who the hell is this? How did you get this number?
Bender: Is this the robot company? Cause I have a complaint about a defective robot. His name is me!
Mom: A defective robot, you say? Stay right there, dearie. I'll have tech support take care of you.
Bender: Well, things are starting to look up.
Hermes: Look up! Who did you call? Dial-a-bomb?
Bender: No, I just told the robot company I was defective.
Hermes: You dumb cocktail shaker! Mom won't allow a defective product to tarnish her good name! She'll kill you.
Bender: Big whoop. I'll just download into a new... Oh, right. If I die, I die. Speaking of which You're right. You're right. You're right.
Mom: That's what you get for calling tech support.
Bender: I can't run anymore. I'll have to skip.
Hermes: Just a few more feet. We have to get to that pile of dead bears by 7:38.
Bender: A pile of dead bears can only mean one thing. But what?
Hermes: It's the 7:38! Jump!
Bender: Aw, shoot!
Killbot: Someone said "shoot!"
Bender: Well, we're boned!
Hermes: No, we're not! We just go to limbo!
Bender: But I'm not design to bend that low, not without limbo music. That'll do it. Ow! Ow! Ow!
Killbot 1: We're gonna get fired.
Killbot 2: Someone said "fire!"
Bender: We did it!
Hermes: Twelve straight hours of limbo. I haven't done that since my honeymoon.
Bender: Hermes! Hermes! Remember that flock of bats?
Hermes: I sure do.
Bender: That was fun.
Bender: Where are we?
Hermes: I have no idea.
Bender: Hey. We're just a stone's throw from Tijuana. See?
Mexican Man: Dios mo! A rock has fallen here in the outskirts of Tijuana.
Bender: Is it within city limits?
Mexican Man: I think, yes.
Bender: Told you!
Hermes: Hey, you wanna celebrate our escape? Maybe grab a shot of tequila and take in a big-league cockfight?
Bender: Sure. No, wait. I was built in Tijuana. Maybe Inspector 5 still works there. He better do some splaining. Before I mash up some face guacamole.
Bender: He's Mexican, I'm Mexican. Let me handle this.
Mexican border patrolman: Sus papeles, por favor.
Bender: S! Ouch-o!
Hermes: Here are our passports, visas, and Homeland Security permission slips, notarized and starched.
Mexican border patrolman: Okay. I also would ave accepted a bribe.
Bender: Nice work, butterball. You know, I was in Italy last week.
Bender: My birthplace. It's closed! There's not even a shrine to me. With a gift shop, selling piatas of me!
Hermes: End of the line, man! Come on, we can still catch a twi-night double cockfight.
Bender: No wait! What's that in the Mexican garbage?
Hermes: Looks like a half-eaten cheese diaper.
Bender: No, next to that. A half-eaten employee directory. Inspector 5's home address. His ass-ias is gracias!
Bender: Where are you hiding, you coward? Get out here and get murdered like a man!
Hermes: Bender, I'm afraid our search is at an end. He's obviously long gone.
Bender: Oh yeah? Well, maybe this is him in a costume. I'm gonna squeeze you out of there like Tijuana toothpaste.
Hermes: Okay, Bender, you're mortal. And okay, Inspector 5 screwed up. But that just makes the time you have left all the more precious. Do you really want to waste the rest of your life in a bitter, homicidal rage?
Bender: No! Yes! I don't know! Why? Why did he do this to me? All I wanted was a little quality control. But he didn't care enough. And now I gonna die. I deserve better! I'm Bender, damn it! I'm Bender!
Hermes: There, there, mon. It's gonna be okay. You are Bender, which is something Inspector 5 will never be.
Bender: You know what? You're right. He was just a stupid bureaucrat. A stupid paper-pushing bureaucrat. A stupid I-dotting, chair squashing, Oh. No offense, Hermes. You're not like that. I mean, you're exactly like that, but you're okay! In fact, I'm putting you on the do-no-kill list. Come on, fellow mortal. We're in Tijuana. I wanna live a little. Help, I'm gonna die! That's the opposite of what I want!
Hermes: Quick, run out the back! I'll hack into Inspector 5's terminal and fake your death, so they'll call off the Killbots.
Bender: You know that terminal's unhackable! I'm not leaving you, and that's final! Good luck, buddy!
Computer: Bender, terminated.
Hermes: Bender saved.
Killbot 2: Cease fire. Mom called off the attack, although I don't see how it's her
Killbot 3: Someone said "howitzer!"
Bender: Yeah! All right! Yeah! He did it! And he's not even looking back at that cool explosion! He's a hero!
Amy: What's happening? The phone's been disconnected, the ship's been repossessed, and Zoidberg's getting overcooked!
Bender: Ah. This place never changes.
Hermes: Leela! What in the name of Jah happened?
Leela: Too much papers! Not enough hiding plants!
Hermes: It's alright. This place just needs a one-hour bureaucratizing.
Leela: You make it look so easy.
Hermes: I've smoked a lot of paperwork in my day.
Fry: Hey, Bender. Did you ever find that inspector guy you were looking for?
Bender: Nah, but thanks to this knucklehead, I did find a new outlook on life. It's precious and sacred, and you only get so many millions of years on this Earth. So let's get brick-faced!
Hermes: