
Fry: After centuries as a delivery boy, nothin' surprises me.
Zoidberg: You stink, loser.
Leela: Hey, Fry! Pizza goin' out. Come on!
Fry: Alright. I'll take the red rocket.
Fry: Hello? Pizza delivery for... D. Frosted Wang? Not another crank delivery! Why don't I read these things ahead of time?! One time was funny. But, every week for ten years, not as funny.
Ipji: True. Not as funny. But still somewhat funny.
Fry: And... And then they burst out laughing a second time. I've been a delivery boy for a thousand years. Isn't there any room for promotion around here?
Hermes: There'll be no promotions unless somebody dies. And, even then, only if we can bring 'em back as a zombie like Scruffy.
Scruffy: Life and death are a seamless continuum.
Fry: Well, could I at least get some encouragement? I could use a shot in the arm. I got shot in the leg!
Bender: Roberto! What are you doin' here?
Roberto: What? A fella can't drop in on ol' friends and hold 'em hostage?
Zoidberg: I'm good! And you?
Smitty: Attention, criminal Robot in the building.
Smitty: Come out with your hands up.
Bender: Never!
Smitty: Uh, other guy.
Roberto: Listen up, piggies! I want a hovercopter. And a non-marked sandwich. And a new face with, like, a... A Hugh Grant look.
Roberto: And, every five minutes I don't get it, someone's gonna get stabbed in the ass!
Zoidberg: He's bluffing. Ouch!
Zoidberg: He's not bluffing!
URL: You call for a chopper?
Roberto: Nah. I specifically said hovercopter.
URL: One chopper comin' up.
Smitty: You know, URL. Sometimes it's almost too much for me.
URL: You mean the respect we get and the high level of job satisfaction?
Smitty: There's that, but I'm also talkin' about the non-stop promotions and the free hot ride.
Leela: I do love a man in uniform. I mean a uniform that doesn't involve short pants.
Fry: I can see I have no future here. My only option is to resign with dignity. Here are my shorts.
Fry: Hello. I'd like to enrol in Police Academy.
Policeman #1: You think you can just waltz in here with no pants and become a cop?
Fry: That's the plan.
Policeman #1: I like you, kid. I got no pants on either.
Fry: I can see that. You're quite a bit taller than me.
Policeman #1: Welcome to Police Academy.
Fry: Hi! I'm Fry.
Brown Robot: I'm the Sound Effects 5000.
Fry: Wow! That would be impressive if you were a Human!
Sound Effects 5000: Yeah...
Policeman #2: On your feet for Chief O'Mannahan.
Chief O'Mannahan: At ease, cadets. I'll make this short and sweet 'cause I'm PMS-in' like a lumberjack. Police Academy is not for everybody. You're gonna get your boobs scuffed. But, if you got the vulva to stick it out, I'll be proud to call you ladies policemen.
Fry: Sir! Yes, ma'am!
Black-haired man: Yeah. That's great. Now can you actually turn on the ignition?
Sound Effects 5000: I don't have any hands.
Chief O'Mannahan: Well, it's that time of the month. Graduation Day. So grow up hair and put 'em together for our new officers.
Amy: Woohoo!
Bender: Hooray for the pigs!
Chief O'Mannahan: Graduates, you are hereby officially cops. Now movin' along. Nothin' to see here.
Zoidberg: Hooray! Free sky sticks! Ooh. Police brutality!
Chief O'Mannahan: Nice... Alright. Before we head out, I'll be teaming up our new officers with their ironically matched partners. Sound Effects 5000, you'll be with Gretsky.
Gretsky: Ow, my tinnitus!
Chief O'Mannahan: Fry, due to the unfortunate loss of Officer Smith, you'll be riding with URL.
URL: And Smitty was just a few days from retirement.
Fry: Wuh What happened?
URL: He took a early retirement. Damn.
Professor Farnsworth: Let's get down to business.
Amy: Aren't you gonna say Good news, everyone?
Professor Farnsworth: No, I just said that for Fry's benefit. May the poor fellow feel better about his pointless job.
Hermes: As much as I miss 'im, he didn't really serve much purpose around here. Though he did walk Zoidberg.
Professor Farnsworth: In any case, I've improved on Fry by sticking some wheels on a board so Leela and Bender can easily make the next delivery without him.
Bender: Neat. So where are we goin'?
Professor Farnsworth: Pandora.
Leela: That dangerous, 3-D planet? Can't we just send our avatars?
Professor Farnsworth: No! It's cheaper just to have you die.
Fry: Whoa! Fifteen miles over the speed of light.
URL: That's a violation of the law of Lorentz invariance, baby.
Fry: Light 'em up.
URL: Look out for that particular individual.
Dandy Jim: An electric wall, eh? I can't see the harm in peein' on that.
URL: Whoa! Where my man learn that?
Fry: SunnyD commercial.
URL: Let's refract this sucker.
Fry: DNA and career chip, please.
URL: Erwin Schrdinger, huh? What's in the box, Schrdinger?
Erwin Schrdinger: Um... A cat, some poison, und a caesium atom.
Fry: The cat! Is it alive or dead? [Schrdinger is not given the time to reply.] Alive or dead?!
URL: Answer him, fool.
Erwin Schrdinger: It's a superposition of both states until you open it and collapse the wave function.
Fry: Says you.
URL: There's also a lotta drugs in there.
Leela: So... You're a Robot?
Chief O'Mannahan: You boys did good. Nailed a major violator of the laws of Physics.
URL: He's goin' down. [URL lifts up Schrdinger's cat.] Cat's gonna testify.
Chief O'Mannahan: Guys like this really bust my uterus. You're both getting a promotion! Ever heard of the Future Crimes Division?
Fry: Tomorrow I have.
Leela: Oops.
Leela: I can't make out a thing!
Bender: Well, I guess you should've had two eyes!
Leela: Just deliver the package and let's get outta here.
Bender: Screw that! I ain't no delivery boy! I'm the company's chef.
Leela: Oh! You're the chef, are you? Then why don't you make us something nice to eat?
Bender: I'll make you something Here's your damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich!
Blond man: Now that we can predict crimes with 99% accuracy, we can arrest most perpetrators before they even perpetrate anything.
Fry: That's ridiculous. Only horoscopes can predict the future.
Blond man: That's what we used to think. Until we invented... This.
Fry: Whoa!
URL: Slowed on, baby.
Blond man: The cybernetic oracle. The ultimate man-machine hybrid. Programmed with every crime ever recorded and implanted with the brain cells of History's greatest detectives. We call 'im... Pickles.
Fry: On account of it's like he's floating in a jar?
Blond man: Exactly. The oracle's visions are recorded on these coloured balls. [The blond man lifts up a box containing four balls: One green, one black, one red, and one white with pink stains.] Green is larceny. Black is fraud. Red, homicide.
Fry: What's pink pocodots?
Blond man: Clown slaughter. It happens more often than you think. Clutter in the ball! Red ball, homicide!
Fry: Woo!
Blond man: Suspect: Male, six-foot-one, distinctive mustard stain on his forehead.
Hattie: My kajigger!
Blond man: Victim: Hattie McDoogal.
Fry: Look! The clock says 5:08. It's 4:30 right now!
URL: Uh-oh. We only have a half hour to chill out before we head over.
Old man: Oh, Hattie. When I look into your one good eye, I see a reflection of beauty.
Hattie: Oh, fresh.
URL: Freeze, fool.
Fry: You're under arrest for future murder!
Old man: Ja? You can't arrest me for future murder after it's right-now murder!
Hattie: My kajigger! So he didn't really wanna marry me?
URL: Nah. See, he knew you'd left everything to your parakeets in your will.
Fry: He was gonna murder you, marry your parakeets, and then poison them with an arsenic-laced cuttlebone.
URL: Classic move. Aw, yeah.
Chief O'Mannahan: Congratulations on your big bust.
Fry: You too.
Chief O'Mannahan: Keep it up and you boys might just make detective. Now, if you'll excuse me, I gotta go drop a big one.
Fry: Wow! I can't believe it. One more promotion and I'll be a real detective. Like Sherlock Holmes or Speed Buggy.
Chief O'Mannahan: Eight pounds. I'm namin' 'er Bert!
URL: Mazel tov, Chief. That's a beautiful bathroom baby.
URL: Ain't you headin' home, Phil?
Fry: In a minute. I just wanna finish this paperless work.
URL: Don't stay up too late. We gotta lotta people to shoot tomorrow.
Fry: Hello? Anyone? There's never a cop around when you need one.
Female voice: Green ball, larceny.
Fry: The thief seems to be some sorta ghost. Or is he? Bender?!
Hermes: Item seven. Our corporate tax rate remained unchanged this fiscal year.
Amy: That's not funny.
Hermes: It's not supposed to be funny. It's a business meetin'.
Zoidberg: Things used to be funny around here! Noses were picked. Pants fell down. So what changed? Only Fry could say... And he's gone!
Amy: Hey! Bender and Leela are back from Pandora. How was it?
Leela: Awful. We had nothing to say to each other. So we had to listen to Bender's Eagles album for twenty-seven hours.
Bender: Beats talkin' to you, "Witchy Woman". Hey, meatbag!
Hermes: Look at you!
Leela: Hubba-hubba. Your pants go almost all the way to your ankles!
Fry: Good afternoon, individuals. Sir, would you mind stepping outta the building?
Bender: Normally, when a cop asks me that, I spray whipped cream in his eyes and run away. But, to ditch these losers, gladly.
Fry: Bender, be honest with me. Are you planning a big heist?
Bender: Usually, but not at the moment.
Fry: I only ask 'cause the oracle thinks you're gonna pull of a major theft next Thursday.
Bender: Next Thursday, you say? Pray, continue.
Fry: Are you familiar with this particular location?
Bender: I may have a burgling familiarity with it.
Fry: Does the word Maltese mean anything to you?
Bender: The Maltese Liquor?! The strongest and most valuable malt liquor ever brewed! And soon it will be mine... I'm sorry. You were sayin'?
Fry: Bender, I'm only tellin' you this so you can avoid committing the crime.
Bender: "Avoid committing the crime". Got it.
Fry: You wrote "Commit the crime"!
Fry: There's gotta be some way to stop Bender. Maybe something in the oracle's prediction that I missed before due to incompetence. Wait. Who's the trigger-happy jerk? That's me. I recognise the face.
Bender: You shot me. You miserable dingus!
Fry: No! No! What have I will have done?
URL: Man, that's heavy. Osmium heavy.
Fry: Are you gonna turn me in for concealing evidence?
URL: Say what? You're my partner, home-Fry. Besides, I got my own secrets.
Chief O'Mannahan: Anything big worth checkin' out?
URL: Just your big, jangly booty, baby.
Chief O'Mannahan: See ya tonight, toots.
Fry: You... And And the Chief?!
URL: We been gettin' it on. Right there in your chair. I'm like, "Oh, baby! Oh, baby!" And she's like, "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah."
Fry: I would never shoot Bender! Never! He taught me how to shave.
URL: Revision ball. By decidin' not to shoot Bender, you created an alternate future.
Fry: I could never shoot you! Never! You taught me how to shave.
Fry: See?
Fry: Just get outta here. Go!
URL: Now dig the unintended consequences.
Bender: My friends, let us share this booze in a toast to our dear friend, Bender. Oops.
URL: The Maltese Liquor done destroyed their brains. Fools should've known it's fatal for anyone but Robots and Billy Dee Williams.
Fry: So, if I don't shoot Bender, all my other friends will die?!
URL: Fate is a freaky mistress. Much like the Chief. Look out!
Fry: Somethin' is not right. I refuse to believe it. Rewind!
Hedonism Bot: Ooh. Are you the calloused working man I ordered?
Bender: Uh... Sure.
Bender: In order to fix your leaky roof, I'll need to spend two or three hours down here in the wine cellar.
Hedonism Bot: I'll be upstairs putting batteries and things.
Bender: Whoa! The Maltese Liquor! Forty ounces of Heaven! Here, boy. This is for you. Ah! Invisible safe, eh? Aw, yeah, baby. Two-hundred-and-ten proof.
Fry: That's all the proof I need. Put the bottle back!
Bender: We both know I won't do that! Either you're gonna shoot me or I'm gonna spray whipped cream in your eyes and walk outta here like a big shot.
Fry: Bender, no! You don't have to do something just 'cause it's gonna happen! The future's making a chump outta you!
Bender: Oh, yeah?! Well, I'm gonna make a chump outta the future! I'm not stealin' anything.
Fry: Yes! I stopped the crime without shooting you. The oracle was wrong!
Male voice: Was I?
Fry: Pickles?!
Pickles: Yes. It is I, Pickles! I set the whole thing up. Everyone will think Bender's the thief, while I make off with that glorious brew.
Bender: Seriously? Why?
Pickles: So I can kill my Human brain cells. Do you have any idea what a burden it is to know everything that will ever happen?! To never be surprised. To know the punch line of every joke hours in advance.
Fry: Like watching Leno.
Pickles: And that is why I faked the prediction of this crime. Nevertheless, stay with me here. Things will now happen just as I fake-predicted. Bender, you're going to hand me that bottle. Not that one! The real one. Which you switched when Fry stupidly looked away.
Fry: Hey!
Bender: Aw, man. Why do you gotta be so oracle-y?
Pickles: Fry... You are going to shoot Bender, killing him and shattering the fake bottle. Just as I predicted. Do it! It is your destiny!
Fry: Funny thing about destiny. Sometimes fate has other plans. Oh, nuts.
Bender: You shot me! You miserable dingus!
Pickles: And now the part I didn't show you. Everyone will think Bender killed you. And I walk away with a goofy juice. Finally... Blissful ignorance! I have no idea what's going to happen next!
Fry: Did you get that, Chief?
Chief O'Mannahan: We got it all from behind this prediction-proof glass.
Pickles: But... How could you know my prediction was fake?
Fry: I knew somethin' was wrong, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Then it hit me. You showed Bender sharing the deadly booze with our friends. Bender would never share!
Bender: The very idea!
Fry: So we set up this little charade based on an episode of Speed Buggy.
URL: With the added benefit of me and the Chief bein' locked in a small room.
Hedonism Bot: Shall we adjourn to the dungeon?
Fry: Well, I got my shield for stopping Bender. But then I got fired for tipping off Bender.
Professor Farnsworth: Fry, we have no idea what you do around here, but we desperately need you back.
Fry: Ruh Really? Um, I don't suppose there's any chance I can get a promotion...
Professor Farnsworth: Sure! What the heck! I hereby promote you to... Executive delivery boy!
Fry: Executive?!
Hermes: It's a meanin'less title, but it helps insecure people feel better about themselves.
Fry: I feel better about myself!