
Albert: I got one!
Warden Vogel: Okay, kids. Put away the dust motes 'til tomorrow. It's story time! Today's storyteller is a space captain who grew up right here at the Orphanarium. Welcome back the bedwetter of building D, Turanga Leela!
Leela: Hi, kids! What book would you like me to read first?
Albert: We don't got books no more.
Leela: What?
Warden Vogel: He means any more. Look, sometimes you gotta choose between eatin' and reading. So they ate the books. Just... Make somethin' up!
Leela: Make something up? Um... Okay. Once upon a time, there was a... A...
Sally: Princess?
Leela: Yes! That! A... One-eyed princess in a long, flowing... Tank top. And she lived in a magical, one-room...
Sally: Castle?
Leela: Yeah. If you believe the listing agent. Anyhow, one day, the princess went off to... Uh... Tell a story! And, then, that's exactly what she did do that. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.
Albert: Miss Leela? I have a question!
Leela: Yes, Albert?
Albert: That story was bad.
Leela: That's not really a question.
Albert: That wasn't really a story.
Leela: I'm sorry, kids. I'm not a natural storyteller. But I promise: I'll make up a better story and come back again.
Sally: Please don't...
Leela: See you soon!
Leela: I'm sure I've got a great kids' story in me. I just need to think of three of some kind of animal. Concentrate, Leela! Concentrate! [Leela is annoyed by the trombone that Fry is playing "When the Saints Go Marching In" with.] Fry, I'm writing here! Do you have to play that?
Fry: Yes. It's the only song I know.
Zoidberg: Look, friends! I accidentally learned to tap-dance!
Leela: Zoidberg, I'm trying to
Hermes: Time for my four-twenty-one daiquiri!
Bender: Guys! Guys! Guess who just got commissioned as a tugboat!
Amy: Oh, yeah! Pachinko break!
Pachinko machine: Tokyo crazy balls! Yes!
Professor Farnsworth: Ooh, good, Leela. You're here. I'd like to describe my foot pain. My left has a sharp jabbing throb near the bunion, while the other's got a searing pain like gout. Maybe it's too much albumin because of gravity...
Leela: Even if I had a pen, I couldn't write under these conditions. I'm going to some other planet, where I can concentrate.
Professor Farnsworth: Searing, searing pain that feels as if it were in a vice.
Bender: Well, that was rude.
Leela: Warden Vogel, I have a new story for the children. I'm sure they'll like it more than my last one.
Warden Vogel: They liked hunger cramps more than your last one. Anyhow, you'll have to wait. The kids are busy right now.
Leela: Oh. Is the organ-harvesting clown here?
Warden Vogel: Nah. Rusty comes on Tuesdays now. Today, it's the owner of the Tickelodeon Kids Network.
Abner Doubledeal: Okay, kids. Get ready to be subjected to our new Fall shows! Mr. Funny Bunny here will gauge your reaction by bombarding your brains with harmless snuggle rays.
Albert: He gives me a nice, warm feeling in my eyeballs!
Male voice #1: Popular Slut Club.
Little girl #1: Oh, my God! There's Jake Thinkleburg! He's so hot! I wish he wasn't my brother.
Male voice #1: Popular Slut Club.
Male voice #2: Look! Up on the drive-through menu! It's Captain Mega Meat and his young ward Bottomless Boy!
Bottomless Boy: Hurry, Captain! A skinny kid needs our help!
Captain Mega Meat: Supersize me!
Male voice #3: From the "Rowdy" Roddy Piper daycare centre in Glasgow, Scotland, it's Extreme Toddler Wrestling!
Abner Doubledeal: Thanks for the brain scans, kids. Don't have any children for the next couple of days.
Warden Vogel: Alright, boys and girls. Enough fun! Your old friend Leela is back with a brand-new story!
Leela: Hi! It's great to be back. I think you'll enjoy this one.
Sally: Please! Can't we just get our organs harvested?
Leela: It's about some cute, little creatures from a land called Rumbledy-Hump. Kids, let's meet the Humplings! My name is Lady Buggle and I huggle all my friends. I'm a silly spring named Doingg and my bouncing never ends. Doingg. Doingg. Doingg. They call me Princess Num Num. I'm as sweet as sticky buns. I'm Feffernoose. Hello. I'm scared of everyones. Oh, Feffernoose. What about me? Hey, it's Garbly. Everyone loves him 'cause they can't understand him. It's nice to meet you. We're here to make you laugh and think and smile and learn and sing.
And laugh and learn and smile and think and other happy things.
Albert: Say more things like that!
Leela: Okey-doke. One sunny, funny day, there was an unfamiliar visitor in Rumbledy-Hump.
Leela: Today we learned that folks are not as different as they seem. The space gorilla's just like us. Although I breathe chlorine.
Sally: Wow! I can't believe you imaginated all that stuff!
Nina: Will you come back again and tell us more stories and also adopt us all?
Leela: Of course I'll tell you more stories. I'll go think some up right now.
Abner Doubledeal: Holy moly! Lady, you don't know me, but my name is Abner Doubledeal.
Leela: Wait! I know you! You're Abner Doubledeal!
Abner Doubledeal: I brain-scanned those little nose-pickers during your story. And, sister, their enjoyment glands were squirtin' like Broadway roadkill!
Leela: Aw. They were?!
Abner Doubledeal: Say, you seem like a smart mark. How'd you like to make it into a TV show? Sign here, 'round this... Uh... Supercuts coupon.
Leela: I dunno. Don't I need a degree to write gibberish for toddlers?
Nina: Come on, Miss Leela! Don't be a fraidy cat like Feffernoose!
Leela: Okay. I'll do it! To show you kids you can succeed at anything. If you just luck out hard enough.
Abner Doubledeal: Welcome to the glamourous, big-money world of basic cable TV! I'm gonna need that pen back.
Hermes: Working on a real TV show is so exciting! I'm on a mostly natural high!
Amy: These costumes are gonna make it hard to go to the bathroom.
Fry: I'm not havin' any problem.
Abner Doubledeal: We're shooting in five minutes and this Leela broad hasn't even delivered a script yet! Sweet Zombie Jesus! Like it's not hard enough to make a freakin' TV show for under fifty bucks! Damn it, I'll call you back, grandma. Nice of you to show up, toots. I mean that sincerely. It's just that I'm in show biz.
Leela: Sorry. I went to my quiet place to write. Here's the script.
Abner Doubledeal: Argh! You writers make me sick. Nice job on the script, though. Places, everyone. Okay. Cheap lights. Off-brand camera. And non-union action!
Fry: I like ice cream. And I like lollipops. And I like you, Princess Num Num.
Amy: Ew! I'm all licky-sticky!
Fry: I don't understand. When I like something, I lick it. Like this raccoon.
Leela: Doingg! Don't lick things that don't wanna be licked.
Fry: But how do I know what to lick and what not to lick?
Leela: It's very simple. If it's alive, don't lick it.
Zoidberg: Like a horse, a turtle, or a cricket.
Bender: I like turtles.
Leela: So, if you're not sure if it's alive or dead,
Poke it with a stick and lick the stick instead.
Fry: Now I get it!
Zoidberg: Ow!
Leela: Well, that's all for today. But, before we go, let's do everything we just did two more times.
Bender: Leela, that was great! Even I have to admire the performance of me, Bender!
Amy: The show looks so cute. Kids'll love it! And it looks so cruddy, their ironic hipster parents will love it.
Leela: Thanks, guys. But let's be realistic. We all know any TV show that's even slightly good gets cancelled. Sometimes, two or three times.
Abner Doubledeal: Leela! Tomorrow's ratings just came in from the future. We're a hit!
Leela: What?! My show is a hit?!
Abner Doubledeal: What are you, deaf? It's gonna be bigger than SpongeBot SquareBolts!
SpongeBot SquareBolts: I interfere with pacemakers!
Abner Doubledeal: Baby, I hope you like drowning in caviar. 'Cause that is how you're gonna die!
Calculon: Welcome back to the Young People's Choice Awards. In a moment, the award for Outstanding Sext Message. But, first, the nominees for Best New Kids' Show are... Yo Gimme Gimme!, The Adventures of Pit-Bull and Scaredy Squirrel, Dora the Destroyer, and Rumbledy-Hump.
Fry: I hope you win, Leela.
Leela: Thanks, Fry. It's nice to have the support of viewers like you.
Fry: I'm the star of the show.
Leela: Shh!
Calculon: And the Slurmie for Best New Kids' Show goes to... Turanga Leela for Rumbledy-Hump!
Female voice: This is Turanga Leela's first nomination and second time in high heels.
Leela: Wow. I feel so lucky just to have been nominated alongside so many inferior shows. And, to all my young friends at the Orphanarium, thank you for inspiring me to be your hero.
Calculon: Slurm her!
Bender: So wait. You play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star who's also secretly a massage chair?
Fembot: No. I play a high-school student who's also secretly a rock star, but, in real life, I'm a massage chair.
Bender: Hmmm. You ever made out with a tugboat?
Leela: Guys, I didn't have time to mention it up there, but I want each of you to know what an honour it is to work with me.
Hermes: Sweet ego of Montego! Someone build a wind farm in front of her mouth.
Abner Doubledeal: Leela, I mean this. You're the greatest creative mind since blah, blah, blah-bity, blah. But it's two AM and you still haven't written tomorrow's episode.
Leela: Well, you can't expect me to write it here, with everyone talking so loudly about how great I am.
Abner Doubledeal: Sorry.
Leela: I'm taking the ship to my quiet place so I can be alone. You non-creatives can catch a bus home.
Fry: Non-creative? Ha! I'll have you know I bedazzle my own underpants.
Bender: That was a helluva massage. Maybe the best there ever was. Say, where are we? Rumbledy-Hump?! It's real!
Doingg: I love eating vegetables. Don't you? They're like crunchy, green water.
Garbly: I don't like 'em. They're icky-yucky!
Lady Buggle: Now, now, Garbly. If we don't eat our vegetables, we won't grow big and strong... Like Feffernoose.
Feffernoose: I have to be big and strong to fight off the monsters. Did somebody say monsters?!
Leela: This will make a great episode. But talk slower. I can't type that fast.
Bender: Well, well, well. You didn't make up that TV show! You just wrote down what these space twerps said!
Leela: Oh, hell.
Princess Num Num: Leela said a Rumbledy-Hump no-no!
Humplings: Sometimes, when we're mad,
We say words that are bad.
Humplings: And poo-poo and pee-pee and penis and gay.
Those are the ninety-eight words we don't say.
Bender: My God. You stole all your ideas from those poor, innocent creatures and hogged all the credit?! I underestimated you.
Leela: Wait! I can explain.
Bender: Nah, don't ruin it. I'm lovin' the hypocrisy. It's like catchin' an evangelist in a whorehouse. That was the best Christmas ever.
Leela: You know I hate lying. But those orphans were so proud of me, I couldn't bear to let them down.
Bender: Pfff! At least Reverend Pickens had the dignity to jump out the whorehouse window with his pants around his ankles.
Princess Num Num: Who's your friend, Leela? He sure has a shiny metal bumbledy-boop.
Bender: Aw, they're so cute and harmless. No wonder you feel safe rippin' off their act.
Leela: Bender! I feel bad enough already.
Bender: I'm just messin' with ya. I love that you're gettin' rich off of them. 'Cause, now, I can get rich off of you!
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Bender: From now on, you give me half the gross or I'll blow your cover.
Leela: Fine. You'll get your cut. I don't really care about the money, anyway. I just wanna show those poor, disadvantaged orphans that they can succeed in life.
Bender: Ugh. You are the worst kind of rich person.
Leela: Be it parsnips or peppers or kale or zucchini.
Fry: I like to relax with a spinach martini.
Bender: A-gurgle bufwoozle didoodi houdini.
All: 'Cause we love our vegetables.
Abner Doubledeal: And... Cut! That's a wrap, everybody. Ten-minute break, then we shoot season three.
Fry: Leela, you may have become a Lady Gaga-esque fame hag, but you sure cheered up those orphans. Nice job.
Warden Vogel: Thanks so much for inviting us to the taping. The kids haven't been this excited since food day!
Leela: Aw, thanks. They're my inspiration.
Bender: But not your only inspiration. Am I right, Leels?
Albert: Is somebody standing on me?
Bender: I do love inconveniencing the underclass.
Warden Vogel: Well, we'll be on our way. After we dig through your trash for aluminum. Okay, kids. Delta pattern. Go! Go! Go!
Sally: Miss Leela?
Leela: Yes, Sally?
Sally: I wanna show you the story I made up. That's Gum Drop, Sticky, Candy Corn, Sour Ball, and Jujube. They're brothers and sisters and they live in Butterscotch Hollow.
Leela: Sally, that's wonderful. You came up with that yourself? Out of thin air? How?
Sally: You were an orphan and now you're the best writer ever, so I knew I could write too. Thank you for being my hero.
Leela: I can't do this any more.
Professor Farnsworth: I don't blame you. Having to wear a costume made from a hollowed-out walrus...
Leela: Everyone, I have a confession. I, Turanga Leela, winner of a Young People's Choice Award, a Peabody Jr, and two Training Emmys, am not what I appear to be. There's something I need to show you.
Bender: Uh-oh.
Leela: Continuing my confession, this is the hardest thing I've ever done.
Sally: Harder than creating the bestest show in the world?
Leela: I didn't create anything. I stole it.
Bender: Stealin' is a form of creativity!
Leela: No, it isn't. Guys! Come on out!
Abner Doubledeal: Holy moly again.
Lady Buggle: Oh, hello, Leela. I was just telling my friends how they shouldn't eat food off the floor. Should we sing a song about it?
Fry: Yes, please!
Leela: No need, Lady Buggle.
Abner Doubledeal: Say, what's goin' on here?
Leela: This planet is the real Rumbledy-Hump. And these creatures are the real Humplings. All I did was write down their adorably repetitious hijinks.
Sally: You lied? Like Doingg did when he stole Garbly's pet pinecone?
Doingg: You told them about that?
Leela: I should've told the truth right away. These simply prairie folk have a simple prairie-ish life here. And I was wrong to exploit it for profit.
Lady Buggle: I'm as sad as an upside-down smile.
Leela: You mean a frown?
Lady Buggle: We didn't have a word for it... Until now.
Amy: To think I put on an unflattering cupcake costume for you!
Fry: To think I borrowed money from you!
Albert: I was gonna ask you to marry me.
Sally: I guess, if you can't make up stories, I can't neither.
Leela: I deserve this. And more. Keep it coming!
Abner Doubledeal: Wait a second. As a big Hollywood TV producer, I think I know how to remedy this ethical lapse.
Lady Buggle: So if you don't want a tapeworm or intestinal bug...
Humplings: Don't eat pastrami that fell on the rug.
Abner Doubledeal: And... Cut! Ta-da! We got us a reality show! No writers. No actors. No problem.
Leela: Doubledeal, this is disgraceful! You can't just rip off their real lives and put it on TV!
Abner Doubledeal: Wha? Who said anything about rippin' them off?
Leela: I did!
Abner Doubledeal: I'm payin' 'em. Gather 'round, gang. Here're your pay checks.
Garbly: I can finally afford my speech therapy!
Feffernoose: And the health plan covers my generic Prozac!
Lady Buggle: Electricity, plumbing... Our lives are a jillion times better. And it's all thanks to you, Leela.
Leela: Don't thank me! I should be punished! I've corrupted you and taught the orphans a terrible lesson.
Warden Vogel: What orphans?! The kids were all adopted!
Leela: They were?! By who?!
Abner Doubledeal: Come on, kids. Let's get this place cleaned up for the next episode. Albert, pick up that pastrami and put it back on the craft services table.
Albert: You're the boss, Daddy.
Leela: Oh, God! What have I done?!
Nina: You've given us a new father and a full-time job! Which is more than most kids have!
Leela: But
Sally: We love it here, Miss Leela. This is the funnest planet in the whole world!
Leela: Don't hug me! I've done a horrible thing! For God's sakes, somebody teach me a lesson!
Orphans and Humplings: We love Leela!
Leela: No!