
Yancy Fry Sr: Double time, soldier. I want this ice-fishin' operation up and runnin' by oh-eight-hundred hours.
Fry: It's too cold, Dad. My teen region is freezing off.
Yancy Fry Sr: You dunno what cold is. I once survived an entire week trapped in a Swiss glacier, eatin' nothin' but frozen Neanderthal. To this day, I can't stand the taste of early hominid.
Fry: Let's just get inside the shack.
Yancy Fry Sr: Hold, maggot!
Fry: Ow!
Yancy Fry Sr: Remember the code o' the ice! Thick an' blue, tried an' true. Thin an' crispy, way too risky.
Fry: Shows what you know. Crispy doesn't even rhyme with risky. Help! I'm drowning!
Yancy Fry Sr: Don't worry, son. You'll freeze before you drown.
Fry: I love ice fishing.
Professor Farnsworth: I shouldn't be out in this cold. I 'ave no protective fat, hair, or warm blood. I'm not even legally a mammal.
Fry: Pfff! You dunno what cold is. I was frozen for a thousand years.
Bender: You were?! Uh. Learn somethin' dumb every day.
Paper-hatted salesman: Live bait!
Paper-hatted salesman: Get your live bait here. Whoa! Fresh-killed bait!
Amy: Can we get inside the shack? I'm wearing a belly parka!
Leela: If I understand ice fishing, and I'm pretty sure I don't, we'll need to laser-blast a hole in the ice.
Fry: No. No crazy technology. Here. Bender, use your immense Robot strength to drill a hole the old-fashioned way.
Bender: I don't see any irony in that.
Fry: And... Woil !
Fry: Everybody's ice-fishing! How come nobody's ice-fishing?
Bender: Hot-cocoa break.
Fry: Cocoa is for yodelling babies. [Fry grabs a can labelled LBRAU BEER with his left hand.] If you're sober, it isn't ice fishing.
Fry: Mom, what's my temperature?
Mrs. Fry: Fifty. Forty-five. Forty. It's all over! Woo! Down at the 35!
Fry: I'm really sick.
Mrs. Fry: Huh? Oh, sorry. Hundred-an'-nine. We'll check again at half-time.
Yancy Fry Sr: You home from school, you traitor?
Fry: I fell through the ice! Cut me some slack!
Yancy Fry Sr: Nobody cut me any slack when I broke my spine. Didn't even take a day off o' work. Lotta people depend on you when you sell trampolines door to door.
Yancy Fry Jr: Here's your homework, ya lucky knob.
Fry: And, with a little more luck from my seven-leaf clover, I might get sick enough to miss the whole semester.
Yancy Fry Jr: Hey, give me that!
Fry: Ooh.
Yancy Fry Jr: Come on.
Fry: No.
Yancy Fry Jr: Give it to me, ya faker!
Fry: No. You're not gettin' Ow! My underbite!
Yancy Fry Sr: Come on, Yancy! Your brother's sick! You'll never have a better chance to take 'im out.
Fry: Dad! Nerd Search '88? What's this?
Yancy Fry Jr: Some stupid science contest for smart wads. NASA's gonna pick one kid's experiment to launch into space.
Fry: I can make a space experiment. I just got a new thing o' glitter!
Yancy Fry Sr: I'm not sure science is your thing, seein' how that chimp at the zoo tricked you outta your allowance.
Fry: Yeah, well, I'll show you. And Mr. Bananas. Anyway, I've got nothin' better to do while I'm sick in bed. Wait. That's it! I'll make a space experiment about the common cold! Where's that contest flyer?
Yancy Fry Sr: You're holdin' it, genius.
Fry: Oh, good.
Fry: I feel awful. But it was worth it to catch an' kill this baby fish.
Amy: Shmeez! What's with the shmiffling?
Fry: It's nothing. Just a common cold.
Zoidberg: Wha?
Bender: It's a common uh?
Hermes: Wha?
Leela: What the hell's a common cold?
Bender: Is it valuable? Could it be taken from you if you were, say... Unconscious?
Professor Farnsworth: A common A common cold?! No! No! Ever since Fry first came to us, I've lived in mortal terror that this would happen!
Leela: I never heard you mention that.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, I try to act cool, but inside I'm freaking out!
Fry: It's just a cold! What's the big deal?
Smitty: This is the police. An unknown pathogen 'as been detected on these premises. Come out with your hands I mean... Stay in with your hands up!
URL: You are hereby quarantined until such time as it is deemed safe to enter and shoot your asses.
Professor Farnsworth: Eh, now, now. Let's not all panic at once. We'll have to take shifts. Hermes, you'll take the first six hours.
Hermes: Very well.
Professor Farnsworth: Louder! Louder! Crybaby.
Fry: Look: I just 'ave a common cold! It'll be gone as fast as I can sneeze, hurl, and squirt it out.
Professor Farnsworth: No, it won't! The common cold died out five-hundred years ago. And, subsequently, Humanity lost all resistance to its ravages. But the virus survived in you... Frozen for a thousand years.
Fry: Huh. So it was hiding deep down inside o' me? Like my skeleton bones?
Leela: Give it to us straight, Professor. How incredibly deadly is it?
Professor Farnsworth: We don't know. It could kill millions or nobody. I suppose it might even bring a few people back to life! Anything is possible in science.
Amy: Oh, no! I've got it too! My nose is all gunked up with blork!
Hermes: And I've got a hankerin' for a useless remedy created by a schoolteacher.
Zoidberg: Uh-oh. I think I'm getting swollen glands.
Amy: Ew!
Hermes: Oh!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh!
Leela: Screw the quarantine! I'm outta here!
Female CDC scientist: Initiate containment procedure.
Leela: Ah! Ow! Oh!
Male CDC scientist: G'wan now.
Professor Farnsworth: Now I'm sick! I shudder to think what this cold will do to me. Yesterday, I was nearly killed by a tight hat!
Bender: I'd be remiss if I didn't rub your goopy noses in the fact that I'm immune.
Professor Farnsworth: Which is why we'll all be counting on you and you alone to nurse us through this catastrophe.
Bender: Why, God? Why 'ave I been singled out?
Fry: Everyone just calm down and make yourself a tissue walrus.
Yancy Fry Sr: Damn it, son. Lose the tissues. You're ruinin' Thanksgivin' dinner.
Fry: I'm busy with my space experiment. I can't devote precious brainpower to blowing my nose.
Yancy Fry Sr: You're never gonna win that science fair, Philip. Face it: Someone with your limited brainpower'd be lucky to get a job as a pizza delivery boy.
Mr. Panucci: Hey, Barack! Pizza goin' out. Come on!
Barack Obama: Man, I've got to go back to law school.
Fry: Pfff! I'm not gonna wind up a loser like that guy.
Yancy Fry Jr: Sure you will. You're gonna lose the science fair. And that's who's gonna beat ya. Josh Gedgie, boy scientist.
Josh Gedgie: Pi over four radians of pizza, please.
Mr. Panucci: What is that? About a slice?
Josh Gedgie: More like exactly a slice.
Fry: Game on, Gedgie.
Yancy Fry Jr: Ew!
Yancy Fry Sr: I've 'ad worse. When I was shot down over Korea, I had to eat Kimchi. He was our interpreter.
Bender: Coming!
Bender: What now?
Amy: Humidifier.
Bender: Fine. Yes?!
Leela: Where's that chicken soup we asked for?
Bender: Chicken. Water. Fire. You take it from there.
Hermes: This is torture. The fever. The chills. And the sweating! Amy's horrible sweating!
Bender: That's it. I'm leavin' while I still 'ave my dignity. See you in the obituaries!
Male CDC scientist: How's the... Uh... Containment holdin' up?
Female CDC scientist: Without turning my head, I'd say one-hundred percent.
Bender: Howdy, folks. And may I say, "Nice work keepin' those sickos penned up." Put 'er there. You too, buddy. An' you. An' you. An' you. An' especially you.
Fifth CDC officer: That Robot was a heckuva nice feller.
Fry: You'd better stay here during biology. Mrs. Jenkins dissects anything smaller than a fifth grader.
Josh Gedgie: Well, if it isn't Grandmaster Phlegm. I heard you're enterin' the NASA science competition.
Fry: Maybe I am... LL Fool J!
Josh Gedgie: So what's your project? The effects of losing on idiots?
Fry: No! I'm gonna infect my guinea pig with the common cold and launch it into space to see if it gets cured by cosmic rays!
Josh Gedgie: Lame! Though the common-cold virus does seem like a judge pleaser. I think I'll steal that an' do an experiment that's slightly less... Very stupid!
Fry: But that's my idea! You are an evil, evil nerd!
Josh Gedgie: Gedgie out!
Fry: We'll show him who's stupid.
Morbo: Linda?
Linda: Morbo. The so-called common cold, introduced by living fossil Philip J. Fry, is spreading out of control. All citizens are advised to wash their hands thoroughly after beating up Philip J. Fry.
Fry: Phew! Lucky I'm safely locked up here with you guys.
Amy: There 'e is!
Hermes: Get him!
Fry: Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! What are you
Morbo: The situation is expected to deteriorate as newscasters whip the city into a panic.
Morbo: Run! Run for your lives!
Linda: And, finally, the heart-warming story of a handicapped magician who didn't know when to give up.
Zapp: I don't like the looks of this, Mr. President. Shall I switch it off?
Richard Nixon's head: Negative. Rose Mary, release the Surgeon General!
Woman: Get in there!
Wernstrom: Ow! It's bright out here.
Richard Nixon's head: Wernstrom... The quarantine 'as failed. Give me a worst-case scenario. And make it grim.
Wernstrom: I've prepared some projections. Should the virus escape Manhattan, this is how far it will spread in twelve hours. This is twenty-four hours. This is a Verizon coverage map. And, in thirty-six hours, it will have infected the entire planet!
Richard Nixon's head: Options?
Zapp: We 'ave only one option. Protocol sixty-two.
Richard Nixon's head: Not possible. We don't 'ave nearly enough piranhas!
Zapp: Then protocol sixty-three it is.
Hermes: Hooray! They're letting us out!
Zoidberg: And hundreds of black hovercopters are coming to welcome us!
Hermes: They shrink-wrapped the hole city! Well, it could be worse. It is worse!
Zoidberg: They're flying Manhattan into the Sun! They must've been outta piranhas.
Hermes: They're gonna kill the virus by exposing it to the heat of our burning bodies!
Professor Farnsworth: I'm just glad I have my wool scarf.
Fry: What good is a wool
Bender: Guys! Guys! You're never gonna believe this!
Amy: We know! They shmooped up Manhattan and blasted us toward the Sun!
Bender: They did? Aw! [Bender opens his chest cabinet with his right hand, pulls out a box with SAVE OUR CHILDREN'S MUSEUM! on it and eleven coins in it with his left hand, and shakes the box.] So that's why this was unguarded.
Wernstrom: People of New New York, this is Surgeon General Ogden Vernstrom.
Professor Farnsworth: Wern--strom!
Wernstrom: No doctor likes hurling his patients into the Sun, but, since there is no way to make a vaccine for the common cold
Professor Farnsworth: There is a way to make a vaccine!
Fry: There is? Yay!
Professor Farnsworth: Of course, there's a catch.
Fry: Woo!
Fry: Woo! Yay! Yay! So what's the catch?
Professor Farnsworth: The vaccine requires the original, unmutated, 20th-century cold virus. So I need to grind you into a paste.
Leela: Professor, no!
Fry: It's okay, Leela. This is all my fault, sort of. If this will save you, then, please, turn me into a virus milkshake.
Professor Farnsworth: He consented! You all heard it!
Yancy Fry Sr: Yes, sir. Many of these entries merit a ride in the mighty bosom of our space shuttle. And then there's your so-called entry.
Fry: Jeez! Walk much, Gedgie?!
Josh Gedgie: Absurd. You really think your guinea pig could survive in the vacuum of space?
Fry: He already survived in the vacuum of my mom. I mean, "My mom's vacuum."
Josh Gedgie: My experiment measures the effects of microgravity of the propagation of the common cold virus in an anaerobic environment; i.e., space. [Josh Gedgie puts the suitcase on a table and opens it; revealing a sign, seven test tubes, three petri dishes, and more objects; and puts the sign on the table. The sign reads, JOSH GEDGIE - The effects of microgravity on the propagation of the common cold virus in an anaerobic environment. Josh Gedgie turns to his right and crosses his arms.] Impressed?
Yancy Fry Sr: Damn right I am. That's some dry, emotionless science. Nice job, son.
Fry: Hey, wait a second! I know where you can get some 20th-century cold virus without killing me!
Professor Farnsworth: Hush, lad. I'm totally in the zone.
Fry: We just 'ave to find the Nerd Search '88 satellite!
Professor Farnsworth: I don't know why I even build these things.
Leela: Gunnery Chief Bender, blast us out of quarantine.
Bender: Aye, aye, lady.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, fiddlepoop! Our weapons aren't strong enough to puncture a thin plastic tent that thick?!
Leela: No. But theirs are!
Kif: Captain, a ship is attempting to break the quarantine.
Zapp: Blow them to baco bits with a well placed warning shot!
Kif: But
Zapp: Oops.
Fry: We'll find that cold virus. The Nerd Search satellite was launched on the space shuttle and released into orbit.
Leela: Hmmm. All ancient satellites were swept up as space junk in 2113. I actually knew that offhand. I'm Facebooking right now.
Professor Farnsworth: Aha! That satellite was scuttled on Enceladus, Saturn's main dump moon!
Fry: Let's dump it up!
Leela: This is the exact location of the dump. But there's nothing here.
Bender: Can we please go home an' die now?
Professor Farnsworth: I'm with Bender. Whatever was here's been covered by centuries of ice buildup.
Fry: No! It's under here somewhere. We just 'ave to bust our way down. Remember the code of the ice. Thin an' crispy, way too risky.
Leela: I found a satellite!
Fry: Let's just hope the experiment's still in here. Yes! We're saved!
Man: And now, to present the awards, our very special guest. He walked on the Moon and now he is judging a high-school science contest. Truly a man who can and will do anything... Dr. Buzz Aldrin!
Buzz Aldrin: Wow! I could've used an introduction like that when I first met the Moon men! But, seriously, there are Moon men. Okay. This year's Nerd Search runner-up is a young man who devised a way to add and subtract in zero gravity. Vijay Patel and his calculator space hat!
Vijai Patel: Woo! Woo!
Buzz Aldrin: And now the grand-prize winner whose experiment will be launched into space.
Yancy Fry Sr: Look at that cocky smirk. My money's on Gedgie.
Fry: Yeah? He may 'ave brains, but I 'ave heart.
Buzz Aldrin: Josh Gedgie!
Yancy Fry Sr: I'll bring the car around.
Professor Farnsworth: What a well prepared virus culture. This will make a fine vaccine.
Fry: Good thing Gedgie won. My dumb experiment wouldn't've lasted an hour in space, let alone a thousand years. Besides, Buzz Aldrin ran over my guinea pig in the parking lot.
Professor Farnsworth: Eh, okay. Uh, come on, gang. Let's go inoculate everyone and cram Manhattan back into its rightful hole!
Professor Farnsworth: This may hurt a little.
Wernstrom: Ow!
Professor Farnsworth: Now, I'll give you the shot.
Leela: You saved millions of lives, Fry. You should feel proud. No matter what your dad said to you.
Yancy Fry Sr: You still 'aven't thanked me for pullin' you outta the lake, soldier.
Fry: I could've flip-flopped out.
Yancy Fry Sr: I know that. [Yancy Fry Sr grabs a can labelled LBRAU BEER with his right hand and opens it.] Look, son. I know I give you the business sometimes. But, if I'm hard on you, it's only 'cause I want you to grow up strong and resilient. Someday, you may face adversities so preposterous, I can't even conceive of them. But I know you'll pull through and make me proud. I love you, son.
Yancy Fry Sr: Now, bundle up. I don't want you gettin' frozen.