
Galactic Entity: A wise man once said that nothing really dies. It just comes back in a new form. Then he died. So, next time you see a lowly salamander, think twice before you step on it. It might be you. Stand by for "Reincarnation".
Planet Express headquarters: 'Owdy, folks! Come on in!
Leela: Jumpin' Joe an' golly jeeper,
I got one gigantic peeper.
Sassafras an' banana oil,
I'm a bee-youtiful purple-haired goyl.
Bender: Watch it!
Fry: Oh, it's just that I love Leela something awful. Do you think a space-age dame like her would ever marry a two-bit, low-life delivery boy like me an' also I 'ave bad posture and severe financial problems?
Bender: Have you tried gettin' 'er pregnant?
Fry: Gosh, yes. I've tried an' tried, but, so far, I only got Amy pregnant.
Bender: You know what your problem is? Too much smoke in your face.
Fry: I wanna ask Leela to marry me, but I can't afford a diamond ring big enough to express my love.
Bender: That's for sure. Not on the measly salary I steal from you each month.
Horn loudspeaker: All crew, report to the laboratorium. Get a wiggle on.
Fry: Thanks for the heads-up, Sparky.
Horn loudspeaker: Mhm. Fish on Friday. An' Human flesh the rest of the week.
Professor Farnsworth: Movietone News, everyone. I've discovered a new comet!
Leela: One side, boys. Let a lady take a gander.
Professor Farnsworth: Hang on. Let me just adjust it to your eye level.
Leela: Holy matrimony! That's one flashy rock!
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. It's pure diamondium!
Fry: Um... Would it be possible to break off a piece an' put it in an engagement ring for reasons that are private?
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, fuff! Nothing in the universe can fracture diamondium. Not even God 1 an' God 2 put together. But behold! [He takes out a large can from his lab coat. Close up on the can, which is labeled "HOLOGRAM in SAUCE". Farnsworth opens it with an old fashioned can opener. The can opens and pours out a hologram of the comet.] The tail is composed of abrasive comet powder. And that's just what I need to put a washday shine on my new Doomsday device. Now hop in the flivver and score me some o' that sweet, sweet powder.
Hermes: Comet ahoy! Why, it's lit up like a smooth, refreshing Chesterfield.
Professor Farnsworth: Get plenty of that powder. I want this bomb to sparkle like the floor at Grand Central Station. Over and out.
Amy: Watch it, ya stumblebums! You're boopin' my betty!
Fry: Um... I'll be back in a jiff. I gotta go check this comet for anarchists.
Fry: Wouldja look at that gem! Slap that shiner on a ring an' me an' Leela will be doing the married, horizontal Charleston in no time.
Fry: Alright, diamond. You won those rounds. But I've got an ace up my hole.
Leela: I love this time of day. There's such a beautiful stillness.
Fry: Leela, I don't know if words can describe how I feel about you
Leela: Good?
Fry: Huh. I guess they can. Anyhow, when a guy feels good about 'is sweetheart, 'e wants to prove it by giving 'er somethin' really... Good!
Leela: I'm still listenin', you big lug.
Fry: What I'm tryin' to say is... In all the world, I couldn't find a diamond good enough for you. But then I found one out there... Among the stars. The beautiful, affordable stars.
Leela: You mean... When you disappeared up on the comet...
Fry: Exactly.
Leela: I thought you snuck off to take a dump.
Fry: A man can sneak off to do two things.
Leela: Oh, Fry!
Fry: In exactly ten seconds, the Doomsday device will blow the stone loose. An', if my calculations are correct, it will land here on your finger.
Leela's finger: You've made me the happiest finger in the whole wide hand!
Fry: Comet kaboomination in three, two
Bird: Uh... Hello?! Cuckoo!
Fry: The diamond still didn't break! Now, you'll never know 'ow much I love you. It went kersplitters!
Leela: Fry, I don't need a diamond. You've given me the most beautiful rainbow I've ever seen! All the colours of the spectrum!
Fry: Not beautiful enough! A swell gal like you deserves better!
Leela: What's that?! Is my eye playing trick on me?! It's so beautiful! Fry, you've created a new colour! Totally different from any other colour or combination of colours.
Fry: Shucks. It's still only half as beautiful as you. Whoa!
Leela: Whoa! I wish this moment could last forever.
Fry: Leela, my love, will you marry
Alien: Bernilla, my love, will you marry me?
Bernilla: Blorg! Blorg! A thousand times blorg!
Bender: Ba-da-ba-da-ba-dip-That's all you get, jerks!
Professor Farnsworth: Good news, multiplayers! After a lifetime of toil, I'm on the verge of solving all the mysteries of science!
Bender: So we can leave early?
Professor Farnsworth: Certainly not! [Bender, who has turned red, complains. #+%$! flashes in front of Bender's mouth.] Not until I demonstrate this new microscope lens, made from the debris of that diamondium comet.
Bender: Eh, Professor.
Professor Farnsworth: Yes, Bender?
Bender: Boo! Okay. Too bad. Goodbye.
Professor Farnsworth: You're not through with this level! I have another lens.
Bender: Bite my 8-bit metal ass. That's "Bite" with a Y.
Hermes: Whatever you say, mon.
Professor Farnsworth: Due to the lens' remarkable quark-lattice structure, it should be capable of unthinkable magnification! Come. Follow me to the lab.
Bender: Hey, I'm gonna try that! So long, meatbags! Son of a
Professor Farnsworth: Eh, let me just insert lens in microscope. There! Now, for the first time, we may be able to see the infinitesimal fabric of matter itself. Laying bare the most fundamental laws of the universe!
Leela: Hey, Fry. I know something you could lay bare.
Fry: Leela! Shhh! I'm tryin' to listen to a physics lecture!
Professor Farnsworth: Now, to examine some matter. Any old matter will do.
Hermes: Mon, that's some cheap-ass matter! What the hell is it?
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, it's just a log I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea. Now, to penetrate its deepest mysteries.
Leela: Hey, Fry.
Fry: Leela! No means no!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, my! There's a frog on a bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!
Leela: An' that's the ultimate secret of the universe?!
Professor Farnsworth: Apparently so. Wait! There's a snail on the tail of the frog on the bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea!
Hermes: Dear Eliza!
Professor Farnsworth: The snail itself is composed of cells, molecules, atoms...
Fry: Pfff! Those things don't rhyme!
Professor Farnsworth: Things only rhyme below ten to the minus five angstroms, you dope! Now, ions an' pions, muons an' gluons, neutrinos, gravitinos... We're closing in on the very smallest particles of matter! For the first time, we're about to observe the fundamental structure of the universe. Such detail. Such finely wrought intricate beauty!
Leela: It's like staring into the face of God!
Scruffy: It's a mirror into Scruffy's soul.
Professor Farnsworth: This explains everything! Even the Big Bang that created the universe! All that's left is the mathematics! Put down h-bar, uh, carry the infinity, and My-reka! There it is! The Grand Unified Theory! Reducing all the laws of nature to a single equation!
Amy: Professor, you did it! You solved the problem that baffled Einstein an' drove Stephen Hawking to quit physics and become a cartoon voice actor!
Stephen Hawking's head: I like physics, but I love cartoons.
Professor Farnsworth: This is the greatest moment in scientific history! At last, there are no more questions left to answer!
Stephen Hawking's head: Yay!
Amy: Yay!
Hermes: Woohoo! Alright! Well done, Professor. Okay. Back to work, everyone.
Professor Farnsworth: Wait. There are no more questions left to answer.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh.
Morbo: And those are today's high scores. Linda?
Linda: Thanks, Morbo. Coming up next, Galaxians. What you need to know to protect your family.
Professor Farnsworth: How do you people do it? How do you go on knowing there's nothing more to know?!
Fry: I watch TV. It's the next best thing to bein' alive.
Professor Farnsworth: What's the use? I'm just not capable of the happiness of the dumb. If only I'd made some mistake!
Stephen Hawking's head: You didn't. I checked the invariance of your Lagrangian. Hubba-hubba.
Professor Farnsworth: Then there's nothing left to do! Nothing!
Bender: Would it cheer you up if I punched Fry in the groin? 'Cause I'll do it. Regardless. Body blow! Body blow!
Professor Farnsworth: I devoted every waking minute to answering the fundamental questions of science.
Professor Farnsworth: I never married.
Professor Farnsworth: Rarely went outside!
Professor Farnsworth: And, now that I've found all the answers, I realise that what I was living for were the questions!
Fry: That stinks, Professor. Too bad the universe made it turn out that way and not some other way. I wonder why it did that.
Stephen Hawking's head: Probably magnets.
Professor Farnsworth: Shut up, Hawking. Fry, you idiot! You're a genius! Why are the laws of physics what they are? Instead of some other laws? To find out, we'd have to recreate the conditions before the Big Bang. It would take decades of work by thousands of scientists in a particle accelerator powered by dump trucks of flaming grant money. Of course, there'd be no guarantee of success. And, in any case, I'd never live to see it.
Leela: I'm surprised you lived through that sentence.
Hermes: Sorry you wasted your life, Professor. I guess you never know everything after all.
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. The pursuit of knowledge is hopeless and eternal. Hooray!
Amy: Yay!
Hermes: Yeah-heah!
Bender: Woohoo! Alright! Yay!
Professor Farnsworth: Action Delivery Force, assemble!
Bender: And me, Mighty Merchandise Robot!
Transition Announcer: Meanwhile, on Space Planet 4, the Aliens who communicate by dancing...
Transition Announcer: Were worshipping a giant comet.
Subtitle: All hail great comet! Beloved mascot of popular shrimp crunch snack! Also God. Foreigners killed our God! Many words of disapproval!
Leela: Team assembled! What is that box, you old witch?
Professor Farnsworth: Ha ha ha! I'll never tell you. It's a deep space-emotion detector. The detector can tell you're impressed. You should be! Wha? The marvellous device. It's detecting a massive burst of anger. From deep space!
Subtitle: There is Earth! Attack it as previously discussed!
Fry: Flying bananas? Ha ha! I will slice them on my morning fish porridge.
Professor Farnsworth: This is no time for one of your jokes, Fry.
Fry: I will tell you something that's no joke. I will lead the defence fight.
Professor Farnsworth: Ha ha ha ha! Don't make me laugh. If we fight, we'll surely be destroyed.
Hermes: Then what is our only hope?!
Amy: We must summon Zagtar, defender of space!
Hermes: You forget!
Hermes: Zagtar was destroyed by the crystal space devil!
Leela: The crystal space devil was once my brother, Prince Hiroshi.
Leela: I mourn his loss. But what matters now is protecting Earth from that fruit armada.
Professor Farnsworth: I see your mother, the water Mutant, didn't raise any fools, Turanga Leela. Our only hope is to communicate with the Aliens. And show them our peaceful intentions.
Bender: Perhaps they speak perfect English... As do we.
Professor Farnsworth: We can't take that chance! We'll need my universal auto-translator!
Professor Farnsworth: This is my universal auto-translator!
Fry: That will show them our peaceful intentions.
Professor Farnsworth: The only question is, "Who should be our spokesman?!"
Zoidberg: Me! Me! Choose Zoidberg.
Fry: Zoidberg, a diplomat? The list of things I've heard now contains everything.
Zoidberg: Hear my words. My shell may be tough like a samurai honeymoon mask, but inside I'm as soft and sensitive as a girl made of custard!
Cubert: Custard time?! Hooray!
Zoidberg: Please! I am certain I will succeed with my delicate manner. Oops.
Leela: Instead, I will send the peace transmission. Most honoured visitors, we greet you in peace.
Subtitle: Why does it flap its face hole? I am puzzled, for we don't know what mouths are. It's a threat! Destruct them!
Hattie: Kajigeru desu!
Professor Farnsworth: All attempts to communicate with the Aliens have failed. I fear our only option is thrilling space battle.
Bender and Fry: Power friends, go!
Male voice: Launch all missiles! Launch all missiles!
Professor Farnsworth: We were defeated in battle.
Bender: Oh, no! They're forming Gigatron!
Professor Farnsworth: Defeat is ours. If we can't communicate with these bone-jelly ghosts, we're doomed!
Amy: Professor, I 'ave analysed the Aliens' movements with this movement analyser.
Professor Farnsworth: That device was a gift from my ancestors. Go on.
Amy: It seems their movements are a form of language. Rather than speaking Ja
Transition Announcer: English!
Amy: Like us, they speak by dancing.
Professor Farnsworth: Of course! Having no mouths our ears, they could only communicate through motions!
Fry: Or perhaps by odours!
Bender: That is 'ow you communicate!
Amy, Leela, Fry, Bender, and Hermes: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Leela: Then our only hope to talk to them is by doing a peace dance. But it will have to be smoother an' more fluid than any movement mankind is capable of.
Fry: What if we hire a buttered geisha?
Professor Farnsworth: Another one of your ill-timed jokes, Fry?!
Fry: You an' I are enemies now!
Zoidberg: Hear my words. I believe I, the most humble member of Action Delivery Team, could do such a dance!
Hermes: Surely, your heart shell is too rigid! I call on anyone but you to do the peace dance!
Zoidberg: Aw.
Bender: Of course, I will do the peace dance. But I will need 'elp.
Bender and Fry: Super Dance Squad, initiate!
Amy: We all hope they're communicating a peaceful message!
Subtitle: Hey Aliens, we will kill you! And dishonor your widows by making them gather wood! Fire a the weapon!
Professor Farnsworth: Wha, wha?! We thought we were so smart with our science and dancing, but look at us now: At Gigatron's mercy!
Zoidberg: The shame is too great. It's time to end this! Huh-yah! Feh!
Leela: Zoidberg, stop! We are too scared right now to enjoy the ceremony of your death!
Zoidberg: No hara-kiri today, but heiwa no dansu! The gelatinous dance of peace!
Hermes: You may be gelatinous, but not even the Mochi Phanton could perform such intricate motions!
Zoidberg: Says you, salaryman!
Subtitle: What is the medical crab doing?
Zoidberg: Behold! The dance of peace!
Bender: The dance is so complex! The eye can barely follow it!
Zoidberg: I may be the humblest Team member, but I have given it my all.
Amy: I underestimated you, medical crab. But will the Aliens understand?!
Subtitle: We have understand peace.
Subtitle: Farewell, Action Team.
Professor Farnsworth: Zoidberg, you are the greatest hero. You saved us all.
Zoidberg: For now. But another threat from the stars is sure to arise next week at the same time!
Leela: Until then...
Bender and Fry: Action Delivery Force star-hero rocket engage!