Leela: A lot of weather we're having.
Fry: Allow me, m'lady. Shall we go a-trousering?
Leela: Fry, I appreciate the gallantry, but isn't this a bit much?
Fry: You're right. I'm sorry for showing my love.
Leela: Okay. Fine.
Fry: Here, take my hand!
Farnsworth: News and weather, everyone. I'm sure you've all noticed the bizarre atmospheric conditions of late.
Hermes: Come to mention it, yes.
Farnsworth: It seems something ain't right in the magnetosphere, so I'm launching this high-altitude weather balloon to gather more data.
Fry: My pants! My lucky pants!
Hermes: They don't look so lucky to me.
Fry: They are too! I was wearing them that time I found a dime in my ear! It was wearing them when I won a subscription to Redbook! And I was wearing them when I first met Leela, so, yeah, they're lucky!
Leela: Aw...also, oh, Lord.
Fry: Plus, they're my only pants.
Bender: You've worn the same pants for a thousand years? No wonder they made a run for it! Woo!
Farnsworth: Soon your trousers will slip the surly bonds of Earth, and ascend to the heavens!
Fry: I'm gonna blast that balloon! [Fry pushes a button labelled "TO GUN TURRET".] No way will I let God get my pants! Nobody messes with my pants. Not even the Holy One. Blessed be He.
Hermes: Look out! A Central Park badger!
Fry: I'll save you, pants! Scruffy, do you have any varmint grease?
Scruffy: What viscosity you need?
Fry: Woah, there's writing in here! Also, this grease is flammable!
Farnsworth: Incredible! Who could have done this? The sewer mutants?
Leela: No, this isn't mutant language. We use a lot more profanity. Son of a bi!
Fry: Leela! Take my hand!
Leela: I'm slipping! The one time your hands aren't sticky, they're greasy!
Fry: I'm sorry. Normally, I would have wiped them on my pants, but
Fry: Are you okay?
Leela: Iow! My leg! It's broken! How'd you get down here?
Fry: We made a rope from my shirt and jacket. And an expedition flag from my underpants! [Fry lifts up a pole with a pair of underpants attached to it, labelled "OPERATION CYCLOPS DOWN" and bearing the symbol of a hawk with a single eye.] I'll help you up. Here, take my hand.
Leela: Stop telling me to take your hand! Look, Fry, your noble things keep making things worse. Can't you just be a rude, unhelpful jerk like Bender?
Bender: When I use up the toilet paper I don't put up a new roll!
Zoidberg: Fry, my friend, I found your pants! And no sign of that crafty badger!
Fry: All right! Lucky pants!
Amy: Oh my God! Look what my flashlight found!
Zoidberg: A giant pyramid under New New York? What badger could have built this?
Farnsworth: And look at this intricately carved disk! It merits years of study. But how can we move such a fragile, precious
Bender: Ancient history coming through!
Farnsworth: Amazing! It appears to be some kind of extremely ancient calendar! Predating even the girls of Sumeria! Of course! It's a Mayan calendar! [The device's screen shows the disk with what appears to be the label "MAYAN CALENDAR".] No...wait! There's some dried-up old stew on the screen.
Scruffy: Sorry. I was eating a can of breakfast and looking at porn.
[Amy rubs off the stew, revealing that what appeared to be the word "MAYAN" is actually the word "MARTIAN".]
Amy: It's not Mayan, it's Martian!
Leela: Amy, you grew up on Mars, right? Can you read Martian?
Amy: A little. I only learned enough to yell at my nanny. Let's see... I think it means..."The sun will erupt...all shall perish. Blah, blah, blah."
Bender: Get to the point! What does it say about me, Bender?
Amy: Nothing! But it does say a great cataclysm will destroy the world in the year thirty twelve!
Bender: The world? That's where I live! Told you it'd say something about me!
Fry: So the world will end in three thousand twelve. Why does that year sound so familiar?
Farnsworth: Because that's the year that's this year! See?
Scruffy: [holding a spoon and a can labelled "PANCAKE STEW"] So, uh...are you all done with the computer?
Hermes: Is it just me - or is the world endin' more often these days?
Amy: The calendar predicts fires, earthquakes, sharksplosions... Then, it just ends!
Farnsworth: Exactly as the weather balloon foretold! Before Fry blew his pants outta the sky, it detected the onset of a catastrophic sunspot cycle. It's starting! This is the end of the world!
Superhero from The Beast with the Billion Backs: Cowardman, away!
Nine: Some of us were crazy before it was cool.
Leela: Evacuating the planet in 3...2...
Farnsworth: So long, Earth! Thanks for nothing!
Leela: It's not starting!
Sal: Come on...comes on!
Nixon: Oh, let me try, headless clone of Agnew! Damn thing just won't turn over. It's like Pat on a Sunday morning!
Farnsworth: Oh, the Marconi is on the fritz too! The electromagnetic storm is disabling all electronics on Earth!
Bender: Hi, there.
Leela: Well, it wasn't a bad life. If only I could get back that time I spent watching Tron Legacy.
Fry: Leela, I've made up my mind. Before we die, I'm gonna find and destroy every remaining copy of Tron Legacy! It may take a couple of hours, but
Leela: Fry, stop trying to do things for me! Whatever time we have left, just live it with me. So...you wanna join the balcony club?
Zoidberg: The balcony club? I have an individual membership!
Fry: Zoidberg, get lost!
Zoidberg: I am lost! So long.
Amy: Stop the end-of-the-world sex! We might survive after all!
Farnsworth: Alright, Amy! What's so important that you interrupted my embalming?
Amy: I translated more Martian symbols! There's a way off this planet! That underground pyramid isn't a pyramid [Cut to: Another area. The background turns grey.] It's a rocketship!
Zoidberg: It was worth waiting five hours to hear you finish that sentence.
Fry: A spaceship made of stone? With no electronics, it just might work!
Bender: I'll stick with wind-up power, thank you very much!
Leela: Hmmm...I've never flown a pyramid before. But I used to drive around town in a mausoleum!
Hermes: How many people can this thing carry?
Leela: Well, the mausoleum held ten horny teenagers, so...maybe thirty-thousand.
Farnsworth: It's our moral duty to save as many lives as possible! They had a chance! Let's go!
Zapp: Mind if I appear?
Nixon: Welcome to the hidey house. Brannigan! Tell me about this freaky-deaky escape pyramid!
Zapp: I can fly it, sir! I just need to know where. And how.
Nixon: The obvious destination is Mars. It's close, with lots of open space and no Woodward or Bernstein! That's a plus.
Amy: But we can only save thirty-thousand people! How do we choose who goes?
Nixon: Well, let's see now. We'll need leaders... scientists... doctors... bureaucrats... pilots... valuable appliances... even janitors! But that's it! No one else!
Fry: I'll miss you, Leela. But it's okay. Because then I'll die.
Nixon: Cut the waterworks, hippie! The final decision will be made not by me, but by a cold, logical machine!
Announcer: Who shall live and who shall die? Step right up to the Contrabulous Choosematron!
Fry: I hate waiting in line to die.
Announcer: Move it along, grandma! Stick your hand in and take your chances!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Female. Crotchety. Needed to keep others in their place. Accepted! [The Contrabulous Choosematron dispenses a card labelled "TICKET TO MARS" with Hattie's picture on it. It is marked "NON-TRANSFERABLE".]
Hattie: Damn straight, kajigger!
Petunia: Ooh, me next!
Contrabulous Choosematron: We just got one of these. Rejected!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Male. Scientist. Fond of crazy contraptions. Accepted!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Female. Scientist. We were in the same sorority! Accepted!
Amy and the Contrabulous Choosematron: Sigma beta, see ya later!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Male. Medical doctor. Delicious with butter and lemon. Accepted!
Hermes: I wish they'd hurry. I want to get out of here before the mayhem starts!
Bender: Mayhem? There's gonna be mayhem? I'm staying! Woo-eee!
Fry: Well, might as well get it over with.
Contrabulous Choosematron: Male. Delivery boy. No discernible skills. Accepted! 'Cause I like his pants.
Fry: Yes! My lucky pants! Leela! We can go together after all! Come on, get your badge! Take my hand!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Top gun pilot. Natural leader. Extreme combat training. Rejected!
Leela: What?!
Contrabulous Choosematron: With all spaceships inoperable, we only need one spaceship pilot!
Zapp: Wonder what this doo-cracky does. Snake door. Roger!
Fry: You can't reject Leela! Give her a badge, you stupid box!
Contrabulous Choosematron: Male. Filthy hand. Violent temper. Accepted again!
Fry: Nooo!
Leela: Fry. The box has spoken. Go to Mars.
Fry: Okay. Will you at least keep this photo? Remember how Bender dumped all that pig's blood on me?
Leela: You keep it. I'll remember you in here.
Fry: I wish I could remember with my boobs.
Farnsworth: Leela! We're off to Mars! We'll see ourselves out.
Fry: Wait! I did it. I got a Leela a ticket!
Leela: How did you that?!
Fry: A-ah-uh-uh! A magician never reveals his secrets. Except the Great Reveal-o!
Zoidberg: That guy stinks.
Nixon: I still don't see why you get the window seat.
Zapp: Folks, this is your captain. Our snake tanks are fully loaded. So once I figure out which button launches this I figured it out!
Bender: Boo! Don't come back! Well, let's get lootin'!
Leela: Fry, this is the most noble thing anyone has ever done for me. Wait! Fry?
Nine: I'm a lot of people, but I'm not Fry!
Leela: Oh, no!
Leo: Welcome to Mars! It is with heavy heart and open arms that we receive Earth's only survivors! Admission: twenty dollar.
Amy: Dad! Gleesh!
Zapp: Greetings, Marsmen! We come to your planet to construct a gleaming city! A second Earth on which to begin anew!
Inez: Okay! Admission: twenty dollar!
Leela: I can't believe it. Fry sacrificed his spot for me and I never even had a chance to thank him.
Zoidberg: Don't worry, Leela! Earth is still there. Peaceful and serene as ever.
Fry: Bender! You're stealing your own stuff!
Bender: I am? Jeez, I better slow down! I'm stealing stuff I don't even need! You want a Torah?
Fry: Nah, I'm not hungry.
Bender: Aw, what's the matter? Scared of dying?
Fry: No. 'Cause as long as Leela lives, I'll be alive too. In her heart. But really I'll be dead!
Nixon: Ladies and gentlemen. Our new Martian city is complete! I give you... Dick Francisco!
Great Reveal-o: The doves didn't magically spring from my hand, but rather were crammed into this netting sewn into my sleeve!
Zapp: Thank you, Great Reveal-o! And now, as a solemn testicle to those left behind on Earth, I present this monument, titled simply, "Heroes".
Leela: That frightened little girl in the statue reminds me of Fry!
Unknown person: Stop the ceremony!
Nixon: Who is this non-Washington redskin?
Singing Wind: I am Singing Wind. Chief of the native Martian tribe.
Leela: But I thought your people abandoned this planet.
Singing Wind: We did! I just came back for my stuff. What are you guys doing here?
Farnsworth: Fleeing Earth, of course! We flew here in your great stone pyramid!
Singing Wind: Seriously? That thing flies?
Amy: Of course! Your people left it so we could escape! I translated your warning that the world was doomed.
Singing Wind: Not your world. Our world! We put calendar there to warn you not to visit Mars. It Mars that gonna be destroyed! Why you think we so eager to abandon this dump? You guys got ten, fifteen minutes max! Well, so long!
Amy: Hey! Ancient Martian's a very hard language! looks just like !
Zapp: To the spaceship!
Kif: There is no spaceship. You had it dismantled to build that statue!
Zapp: To the statue! Ah! Ah!
Farnsworth: Oh, what an idiot I was! And by "I", I mean "you"! The final solar flare is going to bypass Earth and strike Mars!
Hermes: My God! One of the hundreds of contradictory prophecies is coming true!
Leela: I should have known better than to trust one of Fry's romantic gestures. Every time he says he loves me, I get killed!
Farnsworth: It's just as I only now began to fear! The solar flares are igniting subsurface gas pockets!
Amy: Ah! Mars is being blasted out of its orbit!
Leela: Fry! You noble idiot!
Fry: You're right, Bender! Grave robbing is fun! And these pias coladas are fantastic!
Bender: The crazy weather cleared up too, for whatever reason!
Fry: All in all, it's a fine day for an apocalypse.
Bender: So...you don't miss whatshername?
Fry: Of course I do. But even though we're millions of miles apart, somehow, I feel she's near me.
Bender: Very near!
Hattie: Oh, no! The kajigger of Gibraltar!
Dandy Jim: I have got to quit drinking.
Gus: Thanks, friend!
Fry: Another great thing was, she always had room for dessert!
Farnsworth: We're passing surprisingly close to Earth! When we reach 72nd Street, jump!
Zapp: Ah...cushiony!
Amy: We made it! We're back home!
Hermes: Okay. Today is still a work day, so
Leela: Wait! Help! I'm still on Mars and I can't jump!
Fry: Hang on, Leela! I'll save you again!
Leela: Or somebody else could do it!
Fry: Quick! Take my hand!
Leela: I don't know. Bad things happen when you say that.
Fry: I got her.
Leela: Ow!
Fry: Oops! Try again!
Leela: We're too far apart!
Fry: No, we're not! Grab your severed arm with your other arm!
Leela: Ew...kay...
Fry: Huraa... ...aaah!
Zoidberg: Good thing Scruffy rescued Leela.
Scruffy: Don't thank me. Thank the ladder.
Farnsworth: Your cloned arms should be fully grown in a month or so. But for right now, enjoy the sounds of the world's smallest violin.
Fry: I hope you're not too mad at me, Leela. For tearing your arm off and all.
Leela: I can't be mad. I'm on way too many painkillers. Plus, you were willing to sacrifice yourself so I could live! I mean, you failed...miserably...but you're the only person who loves me enough to try.
Fry: One last...foolish gesture?