Farnsworth: As new employees, I'd like your opinion on our commercial. I paid to have it air during the Super Bowl.
Fry: Wow!
Farnsworth: Not on the same channel, of course.
Announcer: [voice-over; on screen] Interplanetary deliveries - what a headache!
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Evans! Where's that package from Earth?
Man: Uh... I'm not Evans!
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: He should've used Planet Express!
Announcer: [voice-over; on screen] When those other companies aren't brave or foolhardy enough to go, trust Planet Express for reliable, on time delivery.
Evans: Here's your package, Mr. Horrible Gelatinous Blob.
Horrible Gelatinous Blob: Good work, Evans! You've got a future around here.
Evans: Thank you, sir!
Announcer: [voice-over; on screen] Planet Express: Our crew is replaceable. Your package isn't.
Fry: Are there really giant birds like that?
Farnsworth: No, no! That was all just special effects! Now let's have breakfast. I hope everyone likes eggs.
Fry: I'm never going to get used to the 31st century. Caffinated bacon? Baconated grapefruit? Admiral Crunch?
Leela: Well, if you don't like that, try some Archduke Chocula.
Farnsworth: Ah, Hermes! Crew, meet Hermes Conrad. He manages my delivery business, pays the bills, notifies next of kin, what have you.
Hermes: Someone come and dropped this package through the slot last night. Now which one of you is the captain?
Farnsworth: Oh, my! I haven't picked a new captain yet. It's always so hard to choose.
Fry: Ooh! Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Farnsworth: Hmm, you!
Hermes: OK, Captain, this is just a standard legal release protecting Planet Express from lawsuits in the event of the unforeseen.
Leela: Death by airlock failure.
Hermes: Mm.
Leela: Death by brain parasite.
Hermes: Yeah.
Leela: Death by sonic diarrhoea?
Hermes: Oh, you don't want that!
Leela: Look, I don't know about any of your previous captains but I intend to do as little dying as possible.
Hermes: Sign the paper!
Farnsworth: Now, Fry, before you go into space you'll need to see our staff doctor. I should warn you though, he's a little ... unusual. He wears sandals!
Fry: Hi--
Farnsworth: Dr. Zoidberg, this is Fry, the new delivery boy. He needs a physical.
Zoidberg: Excellent, excellent!
Farnsworth: You'll be fine.
Zoidberg: Now open your mouth and let's have a look at that brain. No, no, no, no, no, not that mouth!
Fry: I only have one.
Zoidberg: Really?
Fry: Uh, is there a human doctor around?
Zoidberg: Young lady, I'm an expert on humans. Now pick a mouth, open it and say... What? My mother was a saint! Get out!
Farnsworth: Dear Lord, Bender, you're filthy.
Bender: Yeah, like you don't have crap in your neck!
Farnsworth: Amy, why don't you give his body a going over with the cleaning pick?
Amy: OK. Does it hurt when I go like this?
Leela: Ow!
Bender: A little.
Fry: Well, the doctor says I'm as healthy as a crab. Can I go into space now?
Farnsworth: As soon as we finish cleaning Bender. Oh, and Fry, this is our intern, Amy Wong. She's an engineering student of mine. I like having her around because she's the same blood type as me.
Amy: Hey! You're the unfrozen guy! From the 20th century, right?
Fry: Last time I checked.
Leela: Hang on. Amy Wong? Of the Mars Wongs?
Amy: Look, we're not as rich as everybody says.
Leela: Uh-huh! What sorority do you belong to?
Amy: Kappa Kappa Wong.
Bender: Hey, rich girl. Look over here! It's me, Bender. I'm being entertaining. Look at my head. It's all painted! Look at my head! I got a big, old head, hey! Ho! Alright, show's over, I'm tired.
Farnsworth: Ah, to be young again. And also a robot. Now, as I recall, you youngsters have a package to deliver.
Fry: Finally! Come on, Bender. Let's mosey!
Bender: Nice catch, idiot!
Fry: So where are we going anyway?
Leela: Nowhere special. The moon.
Fry: The moon? The moon moon? Wow! I'm gonna be a famous hero just like Neil Armstrong and those other brave guys no one ever heard of!
Amy: Oh, I love stuff like the moon! Can I come, Leela?
Leela: Well ... I guess so. Just be careful. I'd like to hold off any major screw-ups until at least my second day as captain.
Farnsworth: Nothing will go wrong. If something goes wrong, bring back the blood.
Fry: Can I do the countdown?
Leela: Huh? Oh, sure. Knock yourself out.
Fry: Ten ... ... nine--
Leela: OK, we're here!
Fry: Eightsevensixfivefourthreetwooneblastoff!
Fry: Hurry up! I wanna see the moon!
Leela: Relax. It's open till 9.
Fry: That's one small step for Fry--
Man: And one giant line for admission!
Fry: Wow! Um, can I have cuts?
Man: Hmm ... no!
Fry: You're not gonna believe this but they landed an amusement park on the moon!
Amy: Guh! It's the happiest place orbiting Earth.
Fry: Let's go, already!
Leela: Fry, we have a crate to deliver.
Fry: Let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it.
Bender: Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.
Leela: OK, if everyone's finished being stupid--
Fry: I had more but you go ahead.
Leela: We'll deliver that crate like professionals and then we'll go home.
Fry: But I've never been to the moon before.
Leela: Alright. We'll deliver that crate like professionals ... and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Amy, why don't you help Fry hoist down the crate. Then lock up when you're done. Just be careful.
Amy: Aye, aye, Captain! I mean only one eye. I mean, yes, sir-- Um, ma'am!
Amy: Clear?
Fry: Clear!
Amy: Ready to hoist?
Fry: Ready!
Amy: Ow!
Fry: My first space delivery.
Fry: Uh, greetings, Moon Man. We come in peace. I am Fry from the planet Earth.
Sal: Wise guy, huh? If I wasn't so lazy I'd punch you in the stomach.
Fry: But you are lazy, right?
Sal: Oh, don't get me started.
Craterface: Hi, I'm Craterface! Welcome to Luna Park. I'll have to confiscate your alcohol, sir.
Bender: Better mascots than you have tried.
Craterface: At least I still have my self respect!
Leela: Who buys this trash?
Bender: Idiots who need gifts for other idiots.
Fry: Hey, I got you guys refrigerator magnets.
Bender: Get it off! Get it off! Get it-- Uh-oh! [He starts singing his own version of Bob Dylan's "Blowin' in the Wind".] How many roads must a man walk down, before you-- Keep those things off of me! Magnets screw up my inhibition unit!
Fry: So you flip out and start acting like some crazy folk singer?
Bender: Yes. I guess a robot would have to be crazy to wanna be a folk singer.
Whalerbots: We're whalers on the moon,
We carry a harpoon,
But there ain't no whales,
So we tell our tall tale,
And sing our whaling tune!
Whalerbot: Bender, hey, Bender! Over here!
Bender: Oh, jeez! I went to high school with that guy!
Announcer: Monsanto presents: The Goophy Gopher Revue!
Gopher #1: Why does a moon rock taste better than an Earth rock?
Gopher #2: Because it's a little meteor!
Fry: This is weak!
Gopher #1: Address all complaints to the Monsanto corporation.
Leela: What's wrong, Fry?
Fry: I don't know. This place is great and all but its just so artificial. The gravity, the air, the gophers. You might as well stay on Earth. That's what I came to see! I wanna go out there and jump around like an astronaut. Screw this phoney stuff!
Leela: But the phoney stuff is what's fun. It's boring out there.
Bender: Yeah! You're the kind of guy who visits Jerusalem and doesn't want to see the Sexeteria!
Leela: Maybe I should take Fry on the Luna Rover ride. You get to wear a space suit and drive around on the surface. And the line's short because it's educational.
Fry: I don't care how educational it is. Let's do it!
Bender: Next year in Jerusalem!
Fry: Finally! Get ready for some serious moon action.
Narrator: The story of lunar exploration started with one man. A man with a dream.
Ralph Kramden-bot: One of these days, Alice. Bang! Zoom! Straight to the moon!
Leela: Wow, I never realised the first astronauts were so fat!
Fry: That's not an astronaut, it's a TV comedian. And he was just using space travel as a metaphor for beating his wife.
Amy: Wow! I could swear I was really playing virtual skeeball! Hm?
Bender: Look, it's that crate we were gonna throw in the sewer.
Amy: The keys to the ship! They must have fallen into the crate! Leela's gonna kill me!
Bender: Nah. She'll probably make me do it.
Amy: Mister? Could you please get those keys out for me?
Sal: What do I look like? A guy who's not lazy?
Narrator: No one knows where, when or how Man first landed on the moon.
Fry: I do.
Narrator: But our fun-gineers think it might have happened something like this:
Whalerbots: We're whalers on the moon,
Gophers: We carry a harpoon,
Whalerbots: and But there ain't no whales so we tell a tall tale...
Leela: And sing a whaling tune. We're whalers on the moon--
Fry: That's not how it happened.
Leela: Oh, really? I don't see you with a fun-gineering degree!
Fry: This is stupid. I'm taking this thing out to the real moon.
Leela: Fry, no. This is my first mission and I'm not gonna let us get in any trouble. Besides, the car's on a track.
Fry: Not for long!
Whalerbot: Ooh! Ah! I died doin' what I loved.
Leela: OK, you're on the surface. Now I'll give you 10 minutes. Then you'll get bored, turn around and apologise for being such a jerk. Agreed?
Fry: Agreed. Yeah! Crank up the radio!
Whalerbots: [singing; on radio] We're whalers on the--
Fry: Yee-haw!
Leela: Time's up. Make a U-turn at the next crater.
Fry: No, not yet. How 'bout we go look for the original moon landing site?
Leela: That's crazy! It's been lost for centuries!
Fry: Well I'm feelin' lucky! Uh ... I'm ready to go back now.
Fry: We're gonna die! It's every man for himself! Help me, Leela! You did it! We're safe!
Leela: No. Now we're gonna die.
Fry: It's every man for himself.
Bender: Hey, look what I won from a tourist's pocket!
Amy: Shut up. You're distracting me.
Bender: Come on, it's just like making love. Y'know: Left, down, rotate 62 degrees, engage rotor.
Amy: I know how to make love!
Bender: Here, let me do it. Ah, lousy arm. Must be rigged! That's her, officers! Uh, that's the woman who programmed me for evil!
Bender: Yeah, well, I'm gonna go build my own theme park, with blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the park!
Fry: I'm sorry, Leela, I can't go on any further. Just leave me to die in that barn over there.
Leela: Thank God!
Hydroponic Farmer: Trespassers, eh?
Fry: No, sir. We're amusement park patrons.
Farmer: Ooh, that's a wicked sinful place. Tilt-a-whirl's OK, but the rest is mighty wicked.
Leela: Our car broke down and we're out of oxygen. Can we borrow some?
Farmer: Huh, borry? Looky here, city girl, oxygen don't grow on trees. You'll have to earn it doing chores on my hydroponic farm. You can go back to your precious theme park at sun up.
Fry: I guess we could do chores for a few hours.
Leela: Fry, night lasts two weeks on the moon.
Farmer: Yup. Drops down to -173!
Fry: Fahrenheit or Celsius?
Farmer: First one, then th'other. And them spacesuits ain't a-heated so you ain't goin' nowhere till sunrise. You can sleep in the barn. Just don't be a-touchin' my three beautiful robot daughters. Y'hear?
Fry: Robot daughters?
Farmer: This here is Lulabelle 7.
Lulabelle 7: Yoo-hoo!
Farmer: Daisy-Mae 128K.
Daisy-Mae 128K: Yoo-hoo!
Farmer: And the Crushinator.
Crushinator: Yoo-hoo.
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: I told you to turn around and go back to the park. But oh, no, the park was too phoney. We had to see the real moon.
Fry: And it was great! We got to see craters and rocks and that one incredible rock that looked like a crater and ... and these fellas.
Leela: Fry, face it: The moon is a dump. It's a boring, dried-up wasteland and the only reason anybody ever comes here is for the tacky little amusement park. Can't you just accept that?
Fry: I guess I can't.
Farmer: I'll learn ye to sleep with my robot daughters!
Bender: He'll never find me in here.
Leela: Bender?
Fry: Oh, Bender. You didn't touch the Crushinator, did you?
Bender: Of course not. A lady that fine you gotta romance first.
Farmer: Oh, no you don't! C'mere, Crushinator.
Crushinator: Yes, Pa.
Fry: It's too low.
Leela: Hang on. Hang on. Jump! Hold on to your helmet!
Farmer: God darn it, Crushinator, jump!
Crushinator: No, Pa. I love him.
Fry: Hey, cool! Dark side of the moon!
Leela: Nightfall's coming. Hurry, before we freeze.
Bender: What do you mean "we", mammal?
Farnsworth: Oh, dear! I really ought to do something. But I am already in my pyjamas.
Leela: We can't outrun it forever.
Fry: Over there! Look! It's the moon landing site! We found it!
Leela: Quick, get in.
Fry: It's that flag from MTV! And Neil Armstrong's footprint! Hey! My foot's bigger! Leela, isn't this the greatest thing you've ever seen?
Leela: Fry, look around. It's just a crummy plastic flag and a dead man's tracks in the dust. Now get in here before you freeze.
Bender: Oh, no room for Bender, huh? Fine! I'll go build my own lunar lander, with blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the lunar lander and the blackjack. Ah, screw the whole thing.
Leela: Well if the oxygen holds out we might live long enough to starve to death.
Fry: Look, Leela, I'm sorry. I never should have dragged you out here.
Leela: That's right, you shouldn't have. I still don't get what the big attraction is.
Fry: I never told anybody this but a thousand years ago I used to look up at the moon and dream about being an astronaut. I just didn't have the grades. Nor the physical endurance. Plus I threw up a lot and nobody liked spending a week with me.
Leela: A week would be a little much.
Fry: The moon was like this awesome, romantic, mysterious thing, hanging up there in the sky where you could never reach it, no matter how much you wanted to. But you're right. Once you're actually here it's just a big dull rock. I guess I just wanted you to see it through my eyes, the way I used to.
Leela: Fry, look. . It really is beautiful. I don't know why I never noticed before.
Farmer: Had to come back for the Crushinator, eh, robot? Well I got you this time.
Fry: It's Amy! We're saved!
Leela: Amy? Where'd she learn to operate the controls like that?
Bender: Not the magnet! No! No! No-- Uh-oh!
Bender: She'll be comin' round the mountain when she comes,
She'll be comin' round the mountain when she comes-- I'll kill you Amy! She'll be comin' round the mountain,
She'll be comin' round the mountain,
She'll be comin'--
Farmer: Aw, dang it!
Bender: She'll be riding six white horses when she comes,
She'll be riding six white horses when she comes-- Hey, I'm pretty good! She'll be riding six white horses...
Leela: So, Fry, was the real moon anything like the moon you used to dream about?
Fry: Well ... close enough!
Bender: [singing; over credits] Well I'll shoot her with my ray gun when she comes,
Yes, I'll shoot her with my ray gun when she comes,
Yes, I'll shoot her with my ray gun,
Oh, I'll shoot her with my ray gun,
Yes, I'll shoot her with my ray gun when she comes,
When she comes!
I'll be blastin' all the humans in the world,
I'll be blastin' all the humans in the world, I'll be blastin' all the humans, I'll be blastin' all the humans, I'll be blastin' all the humans in the world,
In the world! One more time!