Linda: In what has become a winter tradition, members of the Zarlon 7 Polar Bear Club today took the plunge into a river of liquid ammonia.
Morbo: There were no survivors.
Linda: Takes all kinds! And now, with his annual Xmas message, here's the head of the Xmas Safety Council, the head of Walter Cronkite.
Walter Cronkite's head: Season's warnings, Linda and Morbo.
Bender: This guy's too trustworthy. What's his angle?
Cronkite: In all the tinsel and terror of the holiday season we too often underestimate that murderous brute better known as Santa Claus. With images of last year's gingerbread massacre freshly baked into our memories, I remind you to bolt your doors, say goodbye to your pets and lock your children in the closet. This is Walter Cronkite saying, "I told you so".
Hermes: Sacred boa of West and Eastern Samoa. We've got to secure for Santa's arrival.
Fry: Just as well. I'm getting tired of this wood show.
Farnsworth: Cover that fireplace, confound you! I've only a few years to live. I don't wanna spend them dead.
Leela: We're pushing as hard as we can.
Bender: Oh, pushing!
Farnsworth: Oh, we're doomed! Every year we're doomed. Thanks be I had these bullet-proof shutters installed.
Farnsworth: Bring it on, Santa! That bloodthirsty cadaver junkie can't touch us as long as we're not stupid enough to leave this building.
Fry: Alright!
Leela: Yeah!
Farnsworth: In a related matter, you'll be delivering this sack of children's letters directly to Santa at his death fortress on Neptune.
Fry: These letters are real butt-nutters! Listen to this one: Dear Santa.
Girl: [voice-over; writing] Please, please don't bring me any gifts. The bicycle you fired at me last year from your bicycle gun really tore up my insides.
Leela: Awful! Let's read some more. Dear Santa.
Boy: [voice-over; writing] Please bring me a coffin for Grandpa. You choked him with a chestnut last year and he's beginning to smell a lot like Xmas if you know what I mean.
Fry: It's not fair. In my day Xmas was supposed to bring people together, not blow them apart!
Bender: Sure, but who's going to do anything about it? Certainly not us. No, sir!
Fry: Certainly yes us, uh-huh, sir! We've gotta bring back the kind of Xmas I remember.
Leela: Fry's right. It's time to sit on Santa's lap -- and hard!
Leela: Oh, look! A cute little welcoming party.
Aide #1: Hey! Wanna buy a tiny little kidney?
Aide #2: I'll let you punch me for a buck.
Fry: Uh, look; we've got mail for Santa. Are you his elves?
Aide #2: We're not elves. We're Neptunians.
Aide #1: We're just shrimp-y because he doesn't feed us.
Aide #2: You hit me! You owe me a dollar.
Aide #3: Hey, you got any food? Old teabags, chewed gum, apple cores? Come on! We're starving here!
Fry: But you live in a gingerbread house.
Aide #4: Hey! It's food or shelter, not both.
Bender: You lazy runts! Don't you get paid for making the toys?
Aide #4: Who said "toys"?
Neptunians: Toys? Toys? Who said "toys"?
Aide #2: False alarm, folks! There's no reason to make toys since Santa judges everyone to be naughty.
Fry: That's it! I'm gonna deliver a gift of my boot up Santa's chimney. Where is he?
Aide #2: There! In his ice fortress.
Leela: We'll need help getting in. Any volunteers?
Aide #1: I'll help you!
Aide #2: Ah, phooey!
Aide #2: An omen?
Aide #1: Dinner!
Santa: Let's see who's been naughty, and who's been naughty! Mobsters beating up a shopkeeper for protection money. Very naughty! Shopkeeper's not paying their protection money. Exactly as naughty! I saw that! Huh?
Aide #2: We brought your mail.
Santa: Don't you ever knock? Who knows what naughty things I could be watching? I get New Orleans on this thing, you know!
Aide #2: Don't kill us!
Leela: Santa's a robot, so we should be able to destroy him with a logical paradox. Bender, you'd better cover your ears.
Santa: Holy night! Intruders!
Leela: Hold it, Santa! Consider this: You are programmed to destroy the naughty, but many of those you destroy are in fact nice. I submit to you that you are naughty and, logically, you must destroy yourself.
Santa: Nice try. But my head was built with paradox-absorbing crumple-zones.
Leela: Wait! This is what we're running from!
Fry: Faster! Faster!
Fry: Why aren't we moving?
Leela: I don't know. Usually when I do stuff like this the ship moves.
Santa: Ho, ho-- Eh?
Fry: He's trapped!
Aide #2: Now we can make toys again!
Neptunians: Toys! Toys! Toys!
Fry: And I can deliver them. Billions and billions in one night.
Santa: Ha! No human could do all that.
Fry: Evil Knievel could!
Santa: Nuh-uh!
Bender: Santa's right. We need some sort of robot. Aw, crap! I'm some sort of robot.
Neptunians: Hooray! Hooray! Hooray!
Santa: Bender can't be Santa! He wasn't built to Yuletide specifications.
Bender: Oh, yeah? Well I wasn't built to steal Leela's purse either. But that didn't stop me.
Leela: Bender!
Bender: Bow to your new Santa!
Neptunians: Our hero!
Neptunians: We are free and fairly sober,
With so many toys to build.
Neptunians: The machines are kinda tricky,
Probably someone will be killed,
But we gladly work for nothing--
Fry: Which is good because we don't intend to pay.
All: The elves are back to work today!
Neptunians: Hooray! We have just a couple hours,
To make several billion gifts, And the labour isn't easy--
Leela: Then you'll all work triple shifts,
You can make the job go quicker if you turn up the controls to super-speed.
Fry: , and It's back to work on Xmas Eve!
Neptunians: Hooray!
Leela: And though you're cold and sore and ugly,
Your pride will mask the pain.
Fry: Let my happy smile warm your hearts--
Aide #5: There's a toy lodged in my brain!
Neptunians: We are getting awfully tired,
And we can't work any faster,
And we're very, very sorry--
Bender: Why you selfish little bastards,
Do you want the kids to think that Santa's just a crummy, empty-handed jerk?
Aide #6: Ow!
Bender: Then shut your yaps and back to work.
Neptunians: Now it's very nearly Xmas,
And we've done the best we could,
Fry: These toys soldiers are poorly painted.
Leela: And they're made from inferior wood.
Bender: I should give you all a beating,
But I really have to fly.
Santa: If I weren't stuck here frozen,
I'd harpoon you in the eye.
Neptunians: Now it's back into our tenements,
To drown ourselves in rye.
Leela: You did the best you could,
I guess that some of these gorillas are OK.
Aide #7: We're adequate!
All: The elves have rescued Xmas Day! Hooray!
Bender: Duh! Gee, Bender, how you gonna get through these bars? I dunno, moron, suppose I bend them? Duh, OK!
Girl: Mommy! Mommy! Santa's through the perimeter!
Mrs. Grant: This is it, kids. Take your suicide pills so you won't suffer.
Bender: No, wait! I'm the good Santa. I've got toys ... at very reasonable prices!
Jeffery: Don't listen to him. He's the father of all lies and the uncle of all tricks!
Bender: But I come bearing Tri-ominos!
Mrs. Grant: Go for the shins!
Bender: One down...
Petunia: Well, hello there, handsome! Won't you have a cookie?
Bender: Uh, don't mind if I do. Ow! What's in these things?
Petunia: Why don't you slip into something more fiery?
Bender: Ow!
Kwanzaabot: Yo, Kringle! What happened to you, doll?
Bender: Oh, it's awful, Kwanzaabot. Everyone hates me.
Kwanzaabot: At least they understand you, you know what I'm sayin'? Ain't nobody down with this Kwanzaa tip.
Bender: Hey! Maybe you could lend me a hand with these deliveries.
Kwanzaabot: No time! I gotta hand out the traditional Kwanzaa book. [He holds up a book called "What The Hell Is Kwanzaa?" and sighs.] I've been givin' these out for 647 years!
Fry: Ah! Bathtub eggnog! Just the way Grandma used to drink. Ew! It went sour!
Zoidberg: Can't I have a scented bath in peace?
Leela: Remember, Professor, Bender is Santa. So we don't need to hurt him, right?
Farnsworth: Yes, yes, yes. You sound like a broken mp3!
Bender: Ho, ho-- Ow!
Leela: Professor! Don't you remember what I told you?
Farnsworth: No!
Bender: Oh, there's gotta be a better way.
Bender: Bender, you're a genius!
Vyolet: This creates an unrealistic standard of beauty!
Bender: Now it's time for Santa to screw open his present!
Smitty: It's Santa! And we got him cornered!
URL: Aw, I smell a juicy promotion for me.
Smitty: And a juicy re-hiring-back-onto-the-force for me!
Bailiff: This Xmas Day session of court will come to order. The Honourable Judge Whitey presiding.
Whitey: Santa Claus, you stand accused of crimes against humanity. How do you plead?
Bender: Not Santa!
Farnsworth: There he is again!
Hyper-Chicken: Now, Pramala, I know it's scary in that there witness box but t'ain't no need to fear me. I'm sorry, I thought you was corn. Now, would you please point at that robot over there. No further questions. Daddy done good, huh?
Bender: Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony?
Pramala: Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy.
Bender: And yet you haven't said what I told you to say. How can any of us trust you?
Whitey: Quit badgering the witness!
Hyper-Chicken: Badger? Where?
Whitey: Whereas I have a ham dinner with mayonnaise waiting for me at my mansion, I find the defendant guilty. Santa Claus, I hereby sentence you to be executed at sundown.
Leela: It's not fair. I just hope that dumb chicken is ashamed of himself.
Smitty: Deactivated robot walking. We got a deactivated robot walking here.
Robot: Hey, Santa, when you see the Robot Devil, tell him I'm-a comin'!
Bender: Hey, that guy said to tell you that--
Robot Devil: I heard him!
Aide #1: Greetings, masters. My companion and I made lots of toys.
Leela: Outta my way, shrimp-oh. We're here to bring Santa back so we can prove Bender's innocent.
Santa: Do what you will. But we'll see who has the last ho.
Leela: There.
Fry: Oh, no! The ice is melting!
Leela: The pollution from the factory! It caused a greenhouse effect.
Aide #1: That would explain this heat.
Fry: And your breezy short-shorts!
Aide #2: Uh, yeah! That would explain it.
Fry: Hurry! We've gotta think of another way to save Bender or Xmas will be ruined!
Leela: Especially for Bender.
Santa: Look out, Earth. I'm dreaming of a red Xmas.
Poopenmeyer: Ah, good old Maggie! Eh? When I pull this switch, these powerful electromagnets will tear you limb-from-limb, killing you in the most humane possible manner.
Bender: But, Mr. Mayor, that doesn't sound humane.
Poopenmeyer: It is for the witnesses because it's not boring! The instant this random number generator reaches zero, you'll be executed.
Bender: Aw!
Poopenmeyer: Ten. Three. Twelve. Three again.
Leela: Stop the execution!
Bender: Leela!
Poopenmeyer: Fifteen. Negative eight.
Leela: You got the wrong Santa. And I'll prove it.
Fry: I'm Santa Claus!
Poopenmeyer: What? Twenty-seven.
Hermes: No. I'm Santa Claus.
Poopenmeyer: Six.
Amy: We're also Santa Claus.
Zoidberg: And I'm his friend Jesus!
Fry: Your Mayor-ness, if you execute him, you have to execute all of us.
Poopenmeyer: You people aren't Santa. You're not even robots! Ninety-one. How dare you lie in front of Jesus! [The display shows "00".] Hey! Zero!
Bender: No! Not the magnets! Swing low, sweet chariot, coming for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet...
Fry: This is horrible.
Farnsworth: But it's not boring!
Santa: Ho, ho, ho!
Poopenmeyer: My God! The real Santa! Get him, Jesus!
Zoidberg: I help those who help themselves.
Bender: Santa! You saved my life. Please don't kill me!
Santa: I'm not here to kill you, Bender! I need you to help me save Xmas.
Bender: Gee whiz, Santa! You want me to help you?
Fry: Don't do it! He's evil!
Santa: I know he is but I have no choice. I'm running late and if I don't complete my brutal rampage, well, it just wouldn't be Xmas. I guess what I'm asking is: Bender, won't you join my slaying tonight?
Bender: Well ... 'tis the season!
Man: My hair!
Woman: My wedding cake!
Santa: Let it snow!
Bender: Merry Xmas, kids!
Leela: This wangs chun! After all the good we tried to do, Xmas turned out as rotten as ever.
Farnsworth: No heat.
Amy: No power.
Hermes: Huddled together in fear like lice in a burning wig.
Fry: Wait a second! Maybe your futuristic Xmas isn't so rotten after all.
Leela: What are you talking about, you crouton? You said it yourself: Xmas should be about bringing people together, not blowing them apart.
Fry: But don't you see? Fear has brought us together. That's the magic of Xmas!
Farnsworth: That's a big crock of-- Hold me!
Bender: On, Trasher! On, Smasher! Hey, Kwanzaabot, where you off to?
Kwanzaabot: Ah, you didn't hear about it? Chanukah Zombie's having a luau at the B'nai B'rith! You comin'?
Bender: Word!
Santa: By the way, Bender, here's a small token of my appreciation for being Santa while I was trapped in the ice.
Bender: Hey, chief, you screwed up. There's nothing in here.
Santa: Oh, it might appear empty but the message is clear: Play Santa again and I'll kill you next year! Ho, ho, ho!