Doctor: Push, Mrs. Fry. You're almost there.
Mr. Fry: You can do it, honey! Squeeze one out for America.
Mrs. Fry: Hey, keep it down! It's the 9th inning.
Commentator: Here's the 02 pitch to Craypool. He's taking all the way for a called strike three!
Mrs. Fry: Swing the bat, you bum!
Doctor: It's a boy. And look at that red hair!
Mr. Fry: You sayin' my son's a commie?
Commentator: And Grote leans into the pitch. It hits him! The Mets win!
Mrs. Fry: This is the happiest day of my life!
Doctor: Here's your baby, ma'am.
Mrs. Fry: Yeah, OK, thanks.
Mr. Fry: So, what should we name him?
Mrs. Fry: Uh, you pick. I picked dinner last night.
Mr. Fry: Well, I was thinking of Philip. After those screwdrivers?
Mrs. Fry: That's a fantastic idea. More morphine, please.
Mr. Fry: Look, Yancy, it's your baby brother, Philip.
Yancy: I wanna be named Philip! Me Philip! Me Philip!
Mr. Fry: Son, your name is Yancy, just like me and my grandfather and so on. All the way back to minuteman Yancy Fry, who blasted commies in the American Revolution. Philip, until I find a suitable model of an ICBM, you'll have to make do learnin' to fear this toy spacecraft.
Yancy: Mine! Mine!
Fry: C'mon!
Hermes: Baby needs a new pair of shoes!
Zoidberg: To hell with your spoiled baby! I need those shoes!
Announcer: And it's a dead heat! They're checking the electron microscope. And the winner is ... [A man holds up a "3" in a window.] ... number 3, in a quantum finish.
Farnsworth: No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it.
Leela: How'd you do, Fry?
Fry: I'll tell you when my horse finishes ... bad.
Mr. Wong: In today's field we own four horses and two jockeys.
Mrs. Wong: We just put our best jockey out to stud, Amy. He's perfect for you!
Jockey: Hey, baby! Ever do it in a suitcase?
Bender: Ooh! Look! It's the Centaur race.
Fry: Come on! Come on! Hey, Leela, how about a kiss for good luck? I meant tongue luck.
Announcer: And the winner is number four -- Steven.
Fry: I am so unlucky! I've run over black cats that were luckier than me.
Paper-hatted salesman: Get your piping-hot horse burgers, horse fries, horse cake and shakes. We got tongue straight from the horse's mouth.
Leela: Hmm.
Hermes: It all sounds good.
Paper-hatted salesman: All our horses are 100% horse-fed for that double-horse juiced-in goodness.
Leela: I'll have the cholesterol-free omelette with horse beaters.
Paper-hatted salesman: And you, sir, how can I horse you?
Hermes: I'll have a horse coke.
Paper-hatted salesman: Horse Pepsi OK?
Hermes: Nay.
Jockey: Hey! What are you doing?
Bender: This.
Fry: Dear Horse God, I know I don't usually pray to you. Sometimes I doubt you even exist. But if you're willing to grant me luck, please, stamp your hoof once. Come on, number six! Move it! Don't do that! What are you-- Man, it's contagious!
Announcer: And the winner is Harry Trotter by the entire racetrack.
Bender: That'll teach those other horses to take drugs!
Fry: That's it! You can only take my money for so long before you take it all, and I say enough. I've got one dollar left, and this one I'm holding on to! Oh, no you don't! I may not know much about horses but I know a lot about doing anything for one dollar! If you think bad luck can defeat me then you don't know my name is Philip J.--
Paper-hatted salesman: That is one unlucky guy!
Fry: Kareem's got the sky hook but Philip J. Fry's got the space hook!
Yancy: Yancy drives; he goes up with his patented space hook!
Fry: Hey! That's my patented space hook! You stole it!
Yancy: You're not the president of it!
Fry: Holy camolie! A seven-leaf clover!
Yancy: [shouting; mocking] I'm dying of old age!
Fry: Game over! Phil wins! Yancy's fans are stunned! There'll be no celebration at the Yancy-dome!
Yancy: Lucky.
Leela: Well, someone's in a good mode.
Bender: Let's just say I lucked-out at the track! Also, I rigged one race.
Fry: Pah! I'd have won a lot of money too if I still had my lucky seven-leaf clover. Plus I'd still have my hair.
Hairbot: I got your page, Mr. Fry. Your new hair is ready.
Amy: So whatever happened to this seven-leaf clover?
Fry: I hid it in a secret hiding place whose location I never told anyone. Not even Scruffy.
Zoidberg: So the clover is still in the hiding place, maybe?
Fry: Hey, yeah! Maybe it is still there. Underground in the ruins of Old New York, helping some ant defeat another ant or helping some piece of dirt turn its luck around.
Farnsworth: Dirt doesn't need luck.
Fry: I'm going down there to get my clover back. Some of the tunnels have metal bars so I'll need someone who's good at bending. Leela, how 'bout you?
Leela: Sure. I'll do it.
Bender: Like hell you will! Bending's my middle name.
Fry: It is?
Bender: Yep. My full name is Bender Bending Rodrguez.
Fry: Here's the entrance. From this moment on, I declare my bad luck officially over.
Bender: He was fun.
Leela: Well, if we get bored looking for the clover, I've got Tetris on this thing.
Fry: Look, up ahead.
Bender: Old New York: The city that inspired a casino in Las Vegas.
Fry: Wow! We've got Manhattan all to ourselves! I can finally do all the crazy stuff I always dreamed of doing. Howard Stern is overrated! Uh, oops!
Bender: New York is so burned.
Fry: And remember when Mayor Giuliani cracked down on jaywalking?
Leela: No.
Fry: Well, Rudy, how do you like this action?
Teen #1: As you know, the big breakdance is Saturday. So if we wanna win those Jam Master J autographed parachute pants, our crew has to pop, lock and bust the freshest. Noticeably F.A.T., drop us a beat. Name?
Fry: Cosmic F.
Teen #1: Style?
Fry: Outer space.
Teen #1: Special moves?
Fry: The moonwalk ... the robot ... the zero G.
Teen #1: Name?
Yancy: Cosmic Y.
Teen #1: Style?
Yancy: Uh, deep space!
Fry: Deep space?
Teen #1: Special moves?
Yancy: The spacewalk...
Fry: Hey!
Yancy: The robot...
Fry: The robot? That's similar to mine!
Yancy: The zero G.
Fry: What are you doing? You totally ripped off my routine.
Yancy: You callin' me a biter?
Fry: Why do you always have to steal everything from me, Yancy? Find your own life and live it.
Yancy: Stop illin'! Word!
Fry: Well I'd like to see you try and steal this. The septuple-head-spin.
Yancy: He's just scratching. No one's ever done more than a quadruple.
Fry: Oh, yeah? Noticeably F.A.T., rewind the tape.
Teen #1: Crazy sucker!
Teen #2: Phil, you're hot!
Noticeably F.A.T.: That was ice cold, bro!
Teen #1: Fry, if I ever see you try anything that crazy again, this crew might just have some new parachute pants!
Yancy: Stop hogging the clover.
Fry: Alright, team, let's go find that clover!
Leela: Which way to your house? The sign says we're at 71st Street.
Fry: 71st Street? Hmm, never heard of it. Downtown could be in any direction.
Bender: No sweat. We'll just take a spin on the B-train!
Bender: Ooh! That feels funny! This is the Brooklyn-bound B-train making local stops at wherever the hell I feel like. Watch for the closing doors.
Bender: Wake up, buddy. End of the line!
Fry: Gosh! My old neighbourhood. That's the bench where I found some shirts! That fire hydrant! In summer we'd light it on fire! On that corner, some guy with a bushy beard handed out a socialist newsletter!
Bender: Was it poorly Xeroxed?
Fry: You'd better believe it!
Leela: The old comedians were right, this place is a lot different from L.A.
Mutant: Pardon me, but did I overhear you saying you used to live here?
Fry: That's right.
Mutant: Did you know Andy Goldman?
Fry: Yeah, he was my neighbour. Why?
Mutant: I mutated from him!
Fry: Get outta here! What's Andy up to these days?
Andy: The short answer is I'm teaching.
Leela: He seemed nice.
Fry: Sure. When he's sober!
Fry: Holy camolies! The house I grew up in. It's still there!
Bender: Man, Father Time really took a bat to this place.
Yancy: That stupid clover is a worthless piece of garbage! Give it! Give it! Give it!
Fry: [shouting; from outside] Mom! Help!
Mrs. Fry: Yes!
Fry: Mom, Yancy's trying to steal my clover.
Mrs. Fry: Yancy, stealing is wrong.
Yancy: Come back here, you! I'm gonna pile drive you! You're dead meat!
Mr. Fry: What's happenin' up there? Did Kremlin Joe let fly with the nukes?
Fry: Not yet, commander. Yancy's just trying to steal my stuff as usual.
Mr. Fry: Well he'd better keep his hands off these bananas. Gonna need them when the radiation turns us all into monkeys.
Fry: The Ronco Record Vault! Yancy'll never get his hands on you in here or my money back. Ah, The Breakfast Club soundtrack. Man, I can't wait till I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff. Stay safe, clover. I may need you again someday.
Fry: This was the storage room. My dad spent years turning it into a bomb shelter.
Leela: And yet you guys never had a single nuclear war.
Bender: What a waste.
Fry: This is it. My Ronco Record Vault. I still remember the combination: Three. It's stuck!
Bender: The Achilles heel of the Ronco design is its structural resonance frequency. Allow me. There we go!
Fry: Here it is. The Breakfast Club soundtrack.
Bender: You mean "breakfast club sandwich"?
Fry: I hid my seven-leaf clover in this very record jacket so my brother Yancy wouldn't get it. Here goes. It's gone! The whole place has been cleaned out! Yancy stole my clover! That thief!
Leela: How do you know it didn't disintegrate?
Fry: Everything else in here held up OK.
Bender: Except Sports by Huey Lewis.
Fry: I don't know why my brother hated me so much.
Leela: Oh, brothers always fight. I'm sure deep down he loved you. He just never got a chance to say it before you got frozen.
Fry: You think? 'Cause I always kinda wished that--
Bender: Who is that God-like figure?
Fry: It's my brother, Yancy! And there, in his lapel, my seven-leaf clover! I knew he stole it.
Leela: Hold the phone. If that's Yancy, why does the inscription say Philip J. Fry?
Fry: Wait a second. That's my name! Good Lord. He ditched his goofy name and stole mine!
Bender: Apparently this brave Adonis, this Cadillac of men, was the first person on Mars.
Fry: First person on Mars? I should have been the first person on Mars. He stole my clover, he stole my name and he stole my life. And now he broke my hand!
Bender: His legend lives on.
Farnsworth: So you opened the record vault and the clover was gone?
Bender: Yep. Nothing in there but all the best music of the 1980's in one amazing collection.
Leela: Survivor, Pat Benatar, The Scorpions. The list goes on.
Fry: That clover helped my ratfink brother steal my dream of going into space. Now I'll never get there.
Leela: You went there this morning for doughnuts.
Hermes: First person on Mars? Oh, so your brother was that Philip J. Fry.
Fry: I'm Philip J. Fry! He stole my name after I got frozen.
Farnsworth: Shut up, friends. My Internet browser heard us saying the word "Fry" and it found a movie about Philip J. Fry for us. It also opened my calendar to Friday and ordered me some French fries.
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] Philip J. Fry: Astronaut, philanthropist, entrepreneur was a great man truly worthy of narration. Fry was the first man on Mars ... ... a feat that has never since been equalled.
Fry: That should have been me!
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] The ever-lucky Fry made his fortune after striking oil in the bathroom of the mansion he had won in a lottery.
Fry: That's my clover! Yancy stole it!
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] After a whirlwind fling with Icelandic supermodel Njrd, Fry scored a string of top 10 hits with his rock band Leaf Seven, known for their hypnotic rhythms, driving baselines and memorable hooks.
Fry: That's what I'm known for!
Man: Phil came in, right, strummed out this tune, yeah, and I said, "That's a number one record!"
Narrator: [voice-over; in movie] Today, Fry spends most of his time in his grave in Orbiting Meadows National Cemetery, buried with the trademark seven-leaf clover that will bring him luck in the next life, perhaps some Egyptians believe.
Fry: So that's where my clover is? Hey, is that orbiting cemetery near here?
Leela: It will be in a couple hours.
Fry: Good. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.
Bender: I'll get my kit.
Yancy: Thanks for lending me your tux, Dad. It'll be perfect for my wedding.
Mr. Fry: Yancy, that tux got me through 'Nam in style. I just wish your brother were still around to see this.
Mrs. Fry: I'll never forget the day Philip disappeared. Wisconsin won the Rose Bowl 17-9. Oh, I miss him.
Yancy: Oh, that reminds me: I was thinking I'd rummage through Phil's records for something to play at the wedding.
Mrs. Fry: Have a look downstairs. Your brother may be missing but his crap sure isn't.
Yancy: Hmm, Breakfast Club. This'll clear out the room at the end of the reception.
Leela: They buried your brother in the World Heroes section? I'm impressed.
Fry: I should be the one in that grave!
Fry: Hmm. We lost Bender.
Bender: There! Now no one will be able to say I don't own John Larroquette's spine.
Fry: Aha! My brother's grave!
Leela: Philip Fry, the original Martian.
Fry: It's all lies, every word of it! He wasn't original, he wasn't a Martian, he wasn't Philip Fry and since when is he a the?
Bender: You're twice the the he ever was.
Fry: It's clovering time!
Yancy's wife: So, had any ideas for names, Yancy?
Yancy: Uh, I'm sorta thinking one. Daddy has a present for you today. Do you know what it is? It's a lucky clover that can help you be successful whatever you do -- even breakdancing -- and it once belonged to someone very special.
Yancy's wife: I know what name you wanna give him Yancy. It's OK.
Yancy: Really? Son, I'm naming you Philip J. Fry in honour of my little brother, who I miss every day. I love you, Philip, and I always will.
Fry: Here lies Philip J. Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit.
Bender: Pay dirt! I got the clover! Plus his wedding ring. Sorry, ladies, I'm taken! Hey, Fry, you want me to smack the corpse up a little?
Leela: Uh, Bender, I think Fry needs a moment alone.
Bender: Alright, grab a shovel. I'm only one skull short of a Mouseketeer reunion.