Leela: Space pirates!
Fry: Space pirates?
Leela: You know. Pirates, but in space.
Pirate: Avast, mateys!
Pirate: Electronically transfer your space doubloons, afore I send thee to Davey Jarg's locker!
Bender: Hey! Keep it down, you kids! I'm trying to take a nap!
Fry: Come on! Come on!
Bender: Make Bender take a nap in a tube. Come back when I've had some sleep, baby!
Leela: Fry to battlestations. Fire torpedo number three.
Fry: Firing torpedo number three!
Bender: Huh? What?
Leela: That's not torpedo three. That's not torpedo three at all!
Bender: Damn you, Fry and Lee-- --la!
Pirate: Too late do I realise that me children are me only real treasures.
Bender: Help! Mechanical man overboard!
Fry: Go after him, Leela!
Leela: It's no use. We were going full speed when we fired him so he's going even faster than that.
Fry: You mean we can never catch up to him? Not even if we rub the engine with cheetah blood?
Leela: I don't know how to say this, Fry, but Bender is doomed to drift through space ... forever.
Fry: He always wanted to drift forever, but through the American Southwest.
Bender: I'm going too fast. I've gotta lose momentum. I'm gonna spend eternity alone with barely any swag. Ooh! Hey, universe, check out the dude with the Rolex! Wow! Ostentatious! Except what good is a candelabra without-- Wait! I know! Ah, the pity. Fated to drift forever through the void as gravity's plaything. Oh, cruel fate, to be thusly boned. Ask not for whom the bone bones. It bones for thee. The only thing that keeps me sane is the thought that I have all eternity in which to perfect my art. Damn you!
Bender: There! Now when I'm found in a million years people will know what the score was. Hey! what's bombarding me? Oh, no! An asteroid field. If even a pea-sized asteroid were to whiz through my skull it could-- Ow! Hurt slightly! Well that was fun. Now for eons of loneliness.
Bender: Huh?
Shrimpkin Priest: Fellow Shrimpkins, behold him who hath taken us unto his breast.
Bender: Holy frijoles!
Shrimpkin Priest: All bow before the great Metal Lord!
Bender: Worshippers? This ought to liven up my endless, tragic voyage.
Shrimpkin Priest: All hail the Metal Lord!
Shrimpkins: So hailed!
Bender: Hmm. Those peewees think I'm God, huh? Hard to blame 'em! I am the Metal Lord. Who are you?
Malachi: I am called Malachi, Lord. It means, um, "He who really loves the Metal Lord".
Bender: Listen here, Malachi. Time for a religious donation. Hand over your wallet.
Malachi: But, Lord, we are a poor and simple folk.
Bender: Poor? Oh, crap.
Malachi: Pity me not, for I am richened by the love of my family.
Malachi's Wife: What art thou doing, Malachi Jr.?
Malachi Jr.: I'm practising to hug Daddy when he gets back from God. Mmm! Mmm!
Bender: Eck! Gag unto me with a spoon! Malachi, it's high time I laid down a few commandments. You got a chisel? Take this down. Number one...
Malachi: Behold: The One Commandment.
Bender: Make it a double!
Fry: Can you find him, Professor?
Farnsworth: No. I'm afraid the Smellescope isn't powerful enough. Bender's odour is so mild it's being overpowered by local sources.
Zoidberg: Hooray! People are paying attention to me!
Amy: Fry, we brought someone to cheer you up.
Hermes: His name is Helper and he's eager to be your new best friend.
Helper: Hello there, chum. I understand you miss your buddy. Have a pudding pop!
Fry: No, thanks, I don't--
Helper: Who wants to go to an amusement park?
Fry: Well, I guess that sounds OK.
Helper: Have a good time. Hey, I heard your friend Bender is back.
Fry: What? Really?
Helper: No. I just thought you would enjoy that for a moment.
Bender: Ooh! Microbrewed! My guys did alright! I think I'll make my countenance to shine down upon them. Malachi, good work. There's no slowing down with the Metal Lord tonight.
Malachi: Yes, tonight is kind of special.
Bender: Wait a second. Did you rip off your own arm as a joke?
Malachi: Nay. Like most of your followers, I was maimed while building the Great Brewery. Others died from the pestilent fumes it spewed forth. And, of course, the liquor industry attracted organised crime.
Bender: It's all my fault. Malachi, tell thy people that the Lord is moved by their plight.
Malachi's Wife: Malachi Jr., no!
Malachi Jr.: Daddy, I can't hold much longer. My arms are tired from hugging.
Malachi: Save him! Save my son, oh Metal Lord!
Bender: This looks like a job for God! What the-- Malachi, what manner of deal is this with the chanting?
Malachi: They saw you save my son. Now everyone is praying for their own miracles.
Bender: Very well. What do they want?
Malachi: The people of that village pray for wealth.
Bender: Um, that was a practice miracle. Who's next?
Malachi: The farmers pray for sunlight so their barley might make a more refreshing beer for today's God on the go.
Bender: Very well. Let there be light. I got it! I got it! Um, when you're writing the Bible, you might want to omit that last miracle.
Fry: He decided not to let go. I can't believe you're gone. I won't! If I can't reach you physically, I'll just have to try something desperate and crazy!
Fry: So that's my story, Father Changstein el Gamahl. Is there anything religion can do to help me find my friend?
Changstein el Gamahl: Well, we could join together in prayer.
Fry: Uh-huh. But is there anything useful we can do?
Changstein el Gamahl: No.
Gypsy: Sure I hold sance, channel your friend, no problem. Insert coin. [Fry inserts 5 cents and the Gypsy moans as she "channels" Bender.] I am your friend, Bonder.
Fry: Bonder? Is it really you?
Gypsy: Yes. I am fine. Give the gypsy $10.
Fry: Wait a minute! Bender's name isn't Bonder, it's Bender. You're a fraud!
Gypsy: Look, you want false hope or not?
Fry: Only if you don't have any real hope.
Gypsy: Well, there is perhaps one way. Have you heard of the Monks of Dschubba?
Fry: I've not heard of them.
Gypsy: They are an ancient order that believes God exists somewhere in the depths of space. They have built the universe's most powerful radio telescope, high in the Himalayas, to search for him.
Fry: You think they'd let me use it to look for Bender?
Gypsy: What am I, psychic? I mean, yes! Yes, I'm-I'm sure they will. Yes.
Malachi: Oh, Metal Lord, hear my prayer.
Bender: Yes, Malachi, what is it this time?
Malachi: My Lord, the infidels on your back no longer believe in you. They say their prayers go unheeded.
Bender: Of course they're unheeded. How am I supposed to hear prayers coming out of my ass?
Malachi: They talk of war against the faithful. I beseech thee. Rise up against them. Smite someone who deserves it for once.
Bender: Malachi, every time I interfere, I only make things worse. You're best off solving your own problems.
Malachi: But-But Metal Lord.
Bender: What part of "nay" doesn't thou understand?
Fry: Sir, I'm outfitting an expedition to a monastery high in the Himalayas. I'll need a long-sleeved coat.
Leela: Look, I miss Bender almost half as much as you do but you can't bring him back this way. It's hopeless.
Fry: You can't give up hope just because it's hopeless. You gotta hope even more and cover your ears and go "blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!" I'd also like a pack mule.
Salesman: At once, sir!
Leela: Well, you obviously won't listen to reason, so I guess I'll listen to idiotic-ness and come with you. But we'll need a sherpa to guide us.
Bender: Now that's one Bible that doesn't disappoint on every page! Looks like society's running pretty well without my meddling-- Atomic bombs? Oh, no! Those unbelievers from my backside must have found my nuclear pile!
Malachi: Fear not, my Lord. We shall be with you soon.
Bender: You're with me now. This is the maximum level of being with me!
Malachi: We will solve our own problems as you commanded. The time has come to convert the unbelievers.
Bender: Convert them?
Malachi: To radioactive vapour!
Malachi Jr.: Look, Daddy! I'm hugging God. Mmm! Mmm! Maybe if I hug him real hard he'll save us from--
Bender: No! Ooh! It tickles!
Bender: Hello? Is anyone still alive? How about in the porno theatre? Don't be embarrassed. They're dead. All dead. Who would have known playing God could have such terrible consequences?
Leela: Fry, if I drop dead from exhaustion, make sure my body freezes in a dignified position. None of that "huddled over for warmth" crap.
Namgyal: Behold. The Monastery of Dschubba. I must leave you now for I am not holy enough to enter.
Fry: OK.
Leela: Looks rickety. We'd better test it.
Female Voice: Welcome to our monastery. Please stand to one side to let faster pilgrims by.
Bender: Hey! That galaxy's signalling in binary. I gotta signal back. But I only know enough binary to ask where the bathroom is. You speak English?
Galaxy: I do now.
Bender: What are you? Some kind of galactic computer?
Galaxy: Possible. I am user friendly, my good chum.
Bender: Who built you?
Galaxy: I have always been.
Bender: Oh, my God. Are you God?
"God": Possible. I do feel compassion for all living things, my good chum.
Bender: But why would God think in binary? Unless ... you're not God, but the remains of a computerised space probe that collided with God.
"God": That seems probable.
Monk #1: A member of our brotherhood sits at these controls every hour of every day, scanning the heavens for God.
Monk #2: There he is! No. No, wait, no.
Leela: How long have you been at it?
Monk #1: 700 years. We've not yet examined one-ten-millionth of the sky. But we will go on until we find the Almighty, even if it takes till the end of time.
Fry: And then what?
Monk #1: Then we utter unto him a short prayer. You see, the telescope is also an amplifying transmitter.
Leela: Sort of like a giant karaoke machine?
Monk #1: Not really. Would you like to see our giant karaoke machine?
Leela: Not really.
Fry: Hmm. Finding God. That-That's important, yeah. But you know what might be a treat for everyone? If you let me use the telescope to find my lost friend, Bender.
Monk #1: I don't know what to say, other than "absolutely not". Your loss is a tragedy but our work--
Fry: Aw, come on! You guys have forever to look for God. All I'm asking is one measly lifetime to find my friend.
Monk #2: He speaks out of love for his friend. Perhaps that love in his heart is God.
Monk #1: Oh, how convenient! A theory about God that doesn't require looking through a telescope. Get back to work!
Fry: That telescope is as much mine as anybody's. I'm using it whether you give me permission or not.
Leela: Hi-yah! Your order may be famous for your martial arts, but I've never met a holy man I couldn't clobber.
Monk #1: Actually, we only practise martial arts as a form of meditation. We are a strictly non-violent sect.
Leela: Oh. Then get in the laundry room or I'll kick your butts!
Monk #3: This is the worst crazy sect I've ever been in.
Bender: So, do you know what I'm gonna do before I do it?
"God": Yes.
Bender: What if I do something different?
"God": Then I don't know that.
Bender: Cool! Cool! I bet a lot of people pray to you, huh?
"God": Yes. But there are so many asking so much. After a while, you just sorta tune it out.
Bender: Y'know, I was God once.
"God": Yes, I saw. You were doing well until everyone died.
Bender: It was awful. I tried helping them, I tried not helping them but in the end I couldn't do them any good. Do you think what I did was wrong?
"God": Right and wrong are just words. What matters is what you do.
Bender: Yeah I know, that's why I asked if what I did-- Forget it.
"God": Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you. And if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch like a safecracker or a pickpocket.
Bender: Or a guy who burns down the bar for the insurance money.
"God": Yes, if you make it look like an electrical thing. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
Bender: Does that mean you wouldn't send me back to Earth even if I prayed to you?
"God": Earth? Which way is that?
Bender: I don't know.
Fry: Bender? Bender?
Monk #2: Let us out! We cooked our shoes in the dryer and ate them. Now we're bored.
Fry: Hello? Has anyone out there seen Bender?
H.G. Blob: No! Quit asking.
Leela: Fry, it's been three days. And even if you stay here the rest of your life, there is virtually no chance of finding him. It's time to give up.
Fry: You're right. I'm never gonna see him again. I know he was evil and on more than one occasion he-he actually stole my blood. But still, I wish I had Bender back.
"God": Huh?
Bender: Huh? Wha? You say something?
"God": No, no. Well, so long. Remember what we talked about.
Bender: Hot, hot, hot, hot!
Fry: Bender! It's a miracle! Ow!
Leela: This is, by a wide margin, the least likely thing that has ever happened.
Bender: Guys, you'll never believe what happened. First I was God, then I met God!
Fry: We climbed a mountain and locked up some monks.
Leela: Oh, no! The monks! We forgot to let them out of the laundry room.
Fry: Do we have to? I mean, they're monks. I'm sure their God will let them out or at least give them more shoes to eat.
Bender: Fat chance! You can't count on God for jack. He pretty much told me so himself. Now come on. If we don't save those monks, no one will!
"God": When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.