
TV Announcer: And now it's time for Everybody Loves Hypnotoad.
Zoidberg: Even in a depression, the entertainment industry thrives.
Fry: Are you okay, Leela?
Leela: Yeah, I'm just a little down 'cause the only man I'll ever love left me at the altar. Plus I live in a dumpster.
Zoidberg: You stay out of my dumpster!
Announcer: We interrupt this episode of Everybody Loves Hypnotoad to bring you a special address from Earth President Nixon.
Announcer: Please, Hypnotoad, it's beyond my control. No! Don't make me kill myseIf!
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, I'm about to close a deal that will allow us to buy Earth back from the scammers.
Bender: That'll teach those scammers and me.
Nixon: Just when things looked darkest, I received an e-mail from the Andrrrrrrromeda Galaxy. lt seems we've won their quadrillion-dollar family sweepstakes!
Leela: Oh, Lord.
Nixon: So assuming all goes ... What's that, Agnew? A telegram? Baroo! There ... seems to have been some ... We've been scammed again, people. Prepare to evacuate Earth. I mean, New Scamadonia.
Nudar, Fleb and Schlump: Na-na-na-na, Na-na-na-na, Hey, hey, hey, We took your stuff!, etc.
Leela: All aboard for Neptune!
Farnsworth: Oh, I don't want to go to Neptune.
Nudar: Thanks for the planet, suckers.
Bender: It's so cold, my processor is running at peak efficiency.
Leela: What are you, a whining machine? lf you want to worry about something, worry about the Yetis.
Zoidberg: Yetis? Oh, Yetis.

Leela: Don't mess with me, you ice-crapping snow-honkies. I just got dumped.
Hermes: Sweet Yeti of the Serengeti, she's gone crazy eddie in the head-y.
Inuit #2: Is that normal?
Inuit #1: No. Perhaps if we were to cook and eat her slightly...
Fry-2: Leave her alone. She just needs me to cheer her up. Wanna sword fight, girl?
Fry-2: That male narwhal seems to be upsetting her. Get us out of here, Captain. Full fast ahead.
Leroy: Damn whale keepers.
Leela: Santa! We forgot he's based on Neptune.
Santa: Ho. Ho. Ho...
Fry: What happened, Santa?
Santa: Can you imagine the harm they could do with that information? I wanted to do that harm!
Leela: That's it. They've gone too far. It's time to fight back.
Santa: Now, let's not resort to violence, Leela.
Leela: We're fighting back and you're helping us, you fat holiday idiot.
Santa: That hurt. You're on the naughty list!
Leela: So that's our proposal napkin, Mr. President. We have just enough people and ships to mount a ragtag attack.
Nixon: You wish, missy. Dog-danged scammers used our money to build a fleet of remote-controlled, solid-gold Death Stars.
Bender: Ooh! I'd take one of those with a side of chili fries.
Nixon: We're hopelessly outgunned. The Force is with us, but that's about it.
Santa: Ah, but we have access to a huge manufacturing complex.
I brought the elves back from vacation,
Chained them up, and called my holiday friends ...
Kwanzabot: Kwanzabot
Chanukah Zombie: And the Chanukah zombie.
Three mad, wise men
Baring murder and frankincense.
Neptunians: Damn you! Doo, doo, doodoo!
Shut up!
Now fetch those bunnies by the armful.
Neptunians: Says who? Doo, doo, doodoo!
Says me!
Napalm makes them slightly more harmful.
No one here goes near that door,
This toyshop's going to war!
Talmud says "Be slow to anger,
Low-down scammers got me seeing red.
Got my TIE fighter out of the hangar,
Jump back, Jack 'cause I'm Jewish and I'm undead.
Neptunians: Ten hut! Doo, doo, doodoo!
Dreidl, dreidl
I made it out of blasting clay
Neptunians: You're nuts. Doo, doo, doodoo!
And when it's dry and ready,
For mercy they will pay.
I can't wait eight nights or more,
This zombie's going to war!
Kwanzabot:
Check, check it out, Kwanzabot,
In the NeptizzIe-hizzIe.
With my inhuman beatbox
Busy building missiles.
They're guided by these cute
Dancing fairy figures,
Careful, little elf,
That's proximity-triggered.
I'm fighting back for Kwanza
So the children won't miss it.
I'm confused about its meaning
But I know it when they diss it.
So, Santa?
Santa: Yeah, K?
Kwanzabot: CZ?
'Chanukah Zombie: Hey, hey.
Let's slay them pimps!
C'mon, pimp my sleigh!
Easy with that toy artillery.
Torgo's powder's deadly but unstable.
Santa: Can they sue for liability?
Nixon: Certainly not!
Santa: Use as much as you are able.
Neptunians: This bites. Doo, doo, doodoo!
You signed away your rights
When you were hired.
Leela: Now, let's fight.
Nixon: Let's fight.
Neptunians: Doo, doo, doodoo!
Okay!
Chestnuts roasting,
I'm gonna open fire.
Prepare for gore galore!
Santa, Chanukah Zombie and Kwanzabot: This trinity's going to war!
Leela: Troops, you are now equipped with the finest weapons magical elves can build. As for the battle plan...
Nixon: And now, to present the battle plan, Commander Zapp Brannigan!
Leela: What?
Zapp: At ease, people. I was redecorating my undisclosed location when I received word of an heroic invasion. Kif, crouch down and shield my thighs from the cold, for God's sake.
Zapp: We fight this battle, not for ourselves, but for our children and our children's children. Which is why I'm forming a children's brigade. Will the following youths please step forward? Cubert Farnsworth.
Cubert: Here, sir!
Farnsworth: My boy. Oh, God, no!
Zapp: Dwight Slim.
Dwight: Here.
Hermes: You took his name? Oh, God, no! In several ways!
Zapp: Assuming the 15th pile of children buys us a few seconds, we will then execute maneuver 45. Followed by maneuver 44.
Kif: Forty-six.
Zapp: Oh, great. Now I have to start back at the beginning with maneuver two.
Kif: One.
Lars: Admiral, will we stop attacking at any point or is this one of those phony-baloney, feel-good wars like the war on drugs?
Zapp: What's your name, smart mouth?
Lars: Lars Fillmore.
Zapp: Ah, the lovely Leela's on-again, off-again paramour. Perhaps a suicide mission would knockthe insubordination out of you.
Leela: Yes, yes, yes.
Kif: We're approaching Earth, sir.
Zapp: Who? Oh, planet Earth. The big blue velour marble. All commanders stand by. Prepare to transfer battle control to the main duper-computer on my mark! Ten, nine, eigh---
Leela: Does anybody mind if I take command?
Nibbler: No.
Sal: Nos.
Bubblegum: Nah.
Al Gore: Nope.
Cubert: No, Miss Turanga.
Donbot: No, I do not.
Santa: No.
Kwanzabot: It's cool.
Chanukah Zombie: Argh!
Leela: All right. Unit one, acquire target A and fire!
Fleb: Yes! Nailed the children's ship.
Farnsworth: Bingo!
Hattie: Cheating son of a...
Al Gore: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Leela: It's hopeless! I can't coordinate this many ships!
Hermes: Perhaps I can help! Professor, can you wire my head directly into the battle grid?
Farnsworth: I can wire anything directly into anything. I'm the professor!
Hermes: Then prepare to see a bureaucrat's brain in action.
Al Gore: Finally, I get to save the Earth with deadly lasers instead of deadly slide shows.
Clamps: He's champing for a clamping!
Kwanzabot: Kwa-zang!
Hermes: I did it! I saved Earth and won back my woman. Right, woman?
LaBarbara: Oh, Hermes, I've been such a fool.
Slim: You haven't seen the last of Barbados Slim! Now, goodbye forever.
Nudar: Remember this, Farnsworth?
Farnsworth: Farnsworth? That's me! My doomsday device! So it was the scammers! They sawed off my hand and stole the doomsday device.
Bender: lt wasn't them. lt was me, Bender. The master criminal!
Nudar: So what'll it be? - Unconditional surrender?
Leela: Never!
Nudar: Or totaI destruction?
Leela: Also never!
Nudar: You have 30 seconds. Make up your minds!
Leela: Nevvveeeeer!
Bender: People, I'm sorry. You've never before heard me say those words, or even the individual letters that make them up. But I am. And with a huge amount of modesty, I humbly beg your forgiveness.
Nudar: Uh-oh. I have a worrisome shriveling sensation in my sprunjer.
Amy: Yay! Bender!
Fry: All right!
Fry: Bender, how the Hulk did you end up with the doomsday device?
Bender: I was working the long con all along. While sawing off the professor's hand with an extremely dull saw, I had some time to think. So I asked myself, "Who could use a doomsday device more? The scammers or me, Bender?". After several minutes of sawing, I knew the answer. Me, Bender. So I retrieved the dummy satchel ...
Bender: ... and as soon as I was out of the scammers' control, I pulled the old switcheroo.
Bender: And that's how I saved Earth and am the greatest!
Nixon: Bender the robot, I'm proud to present you Earth's highest award for swindling. The Dirty Double-Cross.
Bender: I'll aways treasure it and immediately hock it.
Lars: There, your body's good as new. Just pop in an executive suppository every few...
Fry: What is it?
Leela: Nothing.
Fry: It's supposed to be a celebration, Leela. I mean, come on. Whimmy-wham-wham-whazle!
Leela: I can't help it. I was gonna be married. I was so happy.
Fry: Well, maybe you'll meet someone else someday.
Leela: No, you don't understand. Lars is the only man I'll ever love. I know it in my heart.
Fry: You remember when we first met?
Leela: Uh-huh. lt was right there in the cryogenic lab, eight years ago today.
Fry: Meet me there in five minutes. It's important.
Fry-2: Why are you so sad, Leelu?
Fry-2: Him again? Wait a second, are you two...
Fry-2: Atanarjuat, Fufu, come here! We have to set Leelu free.
Inuit #2: Dang. I never should have quit my job at the casino.
Fry-2: Me, neither. But she needs what'll make her happy, not what'll make me happy.
Fry-2: Goodbye, Leelu.
Lars: I don't much know about frozen heads, but, of course, if it's Mahatma Gandhi, I'll... Leela?
Leela: Lars?
Lars: I... I really have to go, I...
Leela: Fry, was this an idiotic trick to get Lars and me back together?
Fry: Quite idiotic. But you don't need to be an idiot to see that you two belong together. And, Leela,I want what'll make you happy, not what'll make me happy.
Lars: I'm sorry, I really am, but Leela and I just can't be married.
Fry: Why not? You obviously love each other. What are you, cousins?
Lars: Fry, you deserve to know the truth. It's because...
Nudar: Nobody move!
Leela: Nudar! How did you survive the doom blast?
Nudar: My doom-proof platinum vest absorbed most of the radiation. In retrospect, I wish I'd been wearing doom-proof pants, but you know us nudists. Now give me the time code!
Fry: I don't have it! Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt.
Nudar: Not you.
Nudar: You!
Leela: Lars? He doesn't have it. He never had it. Fry had it!
Fry: But Nibbler heat-blasted it off my butt! I want to stress that part!
Nudar: My throbbing sprunjer says otherwise. Now where is it?
Lars: I'm not afraid of you or your expensive gun! Go ahead and shoot!
Nudar: Oh, yeah? Then what if I kill the woman you love?
Leela: Don't you understand, numb-neck? He doesn't love me!
Lars: I've... always loved you. Don't hurt her. I'll give you the code.
Nudar: What the...
Bender-2: Four, three, two, one, Boom! Woah!
Leela: Lars, no!
Fry-2: It's enough just to know you're happy.
Fry-2: You, too. It's enough to know you're happy with Lars.
Bender: Fry, old buddy! It's me! Bender!
Fry-2: My hair!

Fry-2: My larynx!
Lars: I'm Lars? I'm Lars!
Fry: Wait for me, Leela! I'll be there in a thousand years.
Lars: So I got a job at the Head Museum and waited for the wonderful day when Leela would arrive. Everything was perfect until Hermes exploded at our wedding. That's when I learned that, as a time paradox duplicate, I, too, was doomed. I couldn't put Leela through that. So I called it off. I'm sorry, Leela.
Leela: I understand.
Crazy Guy: That concludes another Silly Willy Wideo Will!
Fry: He was a good man, Leela.
Leela: Yeah... you were.
Farnsworth: Well, I guess that wraps everything up in a nice, paradox-free bow.
Bubblegum: Not quite, my wrinkly brother.
Nibbler: Right on! In order for any of this to make any sense at all, someone must make one final trip back in time to put the code on Fry's ass in the first place!
Bender: Sounds like a job for me, Bender.
Bender: Zero, zero, one, one, zero, zero...
Bender: Mission accomplished!
Fry: You put the time code on my ass?
Bender: Someone's ass. Oh, and guess what? I met all these really cool guys with treasure down in the limestone cavern, so I invited them to stick around instead of coming up when they were logically supposed to.
Nibbler: No! No! Everyone out of the universe! Quick!
Bender: What's the worst that can happen?
Bender: Well, we're boned.