
Roberto: Previously, on Futurama. Hah-haa!
Dwight: A terrifying red dragon!
Bender: I make use of my rod of fireballs.
Farnsworth: The collar will be triggered any time your thoughts turn to violence.
Leela: Ouch!
Fry: Bender, I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: You're absolutely right, Fry. Now, if you'll excuse me. I'm off to slay the werewolf of Goblin Mountain.

Dr. Perceptron: Please, send in the patient.
Intercom Assistant: Yes, Doctor.
Bender: Wee!
Dr. Perceptron: So, Bender, I understand you're having trouble separating fantasy from reality.
Bender: Says who? Was it the bugbear? Is he talking about me again?
Dr. Perceptron: I understand. Commence therapy.
Fry: Poor Bender. Says here to tell his friends he's at a spa.
Amy: So what happened to Bender?
Fry: He's at a spa.
Amy: Wow, there's a spa in the nut house?
Zoidberg: Friends, friends, stop everything. There's food in this shaker.
Leela: Ow! Can you please remove this anger collar?
Hermes: Are you still angry?
Leela : No. Ow!
Hermes: It also shocks you when you lie.
Farnsworth: Quiet, everyone. The network news is on and if I, a 165-year-old man, don't watch it, who will?
Morbo: Thankfully, the amazing talking horse was rescued and safely returned to the meat department.
Linda: Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage.
Morbo: Earlier, our own Morbo sat down with Mom, CEO of Mom's Friendly Multinational Energy Conglomerate.
Morbo: Morbo the Annihilator, here, sitting down to a delightful tea in this fake living room set. Thank you for joining us, Mom.
Mom: My pleasure, sugarplum.
Morbo: Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine. Why are fuel prices so high?
Mom: Oh! It's terrible, isn't it? Dark matter is just so rare nowadays, but we'll keep pinching loaf after loaf from the bowels of the earth, even if I lose money on every log.
Morbo: If you are losing money, how did you post record profits last quarter?
Mom: You look thin, care for one of my famous pecan clusters?
Morbo: Morbo shouldn't. It will go straight to Morbo's gargantuan forehead. Oh, what the heck? I guess I could destroy one or two of them.
Mom: Do people care enough to drill for dark matter even in an Alaskan wildlife refuge? People do.
Farnsworth: Greedy old hag, taste the wrath of my fuzzy slipper.
Leela: Professor, why are you so hot and dusty over this dark matter shortage?
Farnsworth: Oohh... I bet you'd like to know. I bet you'd like to know, indeed.
Walt: Hello, Mother. How did the interview go?
Mom: It made me want to puke my face off. Where's my Thigh Blaster?
Larry: Right here, Mom.
Mom: Shut up!
Larry: Okay, thank you.
Mom: Burn, you damn thighs. Burn!
Igner: Mommy, are you upset 'cause of the dark matter shortage?
Mom: There is no shortage, you moronic ass-brain!
Inger: There's not? But you said...
Mom: Allow me to explain. Suppose this hand represents current reserves of dark matter and this hand represents consumer demand.
Igner: Uh-huh.
Farnsworth: I just bet you'd like to know why I'm so angry about this dark matter shortage. I bet very much you'd like to know.
Amy: You're right, Professor. We would like to know.
Farnsworth: Really? I didn't think anyone was interested. It all started 30-odd years ago. I was working in Mom's laboratories for the third time after twice before realizing how evil she was and vowing never to work for her again. But somehow the rich, wrong stench of her boney charms kept calling me back.
Zoidberg: Don't stop, Professor. I'm getting aroused.
Farnsworth: Back in those days, dark matter was just a worthless inert curiosity, and I was smashing it in a particle accelerator, in an ill-conceived attempt to create a more durable harpsichord wax. But, as Deepak Chopra taught us, quantum physics means anything can happen at any time for no reason. Also, eat plenty of oatmeal and animals never had a war. Who's the real animals? And thus against all probabilities... it happened. [The dark matter particles in the particle accelerator begin colliding and exploding. A large explosion leaves only a single item - the single non-local metaparticle crystal.
Younger Farnsworth: Dang!
Farnsworth: I'm sure I don't need to explain that all dark matter in the universe is linked in the form of a single non-local meta-particle.
Amy: Guhh! Stop patronizing us.
Farnsworth: So, in one instant, I had transformed all dark matter everywhere into a new crystalline form... ...making it the most potent fuel since primitive man first ignited mastodon flatulence to heat his cave.
Younger Mom: I'm intrigued, Hubert. You have my undivided attention.
Younger Mom: Shut up, you milk-sucking leeches! A new super fuel, eh? We're rich.
Younger Farnsworth: Indeed, we are.
Younger Mom: Not you, we. Us, we. I'm getting back together with my ex-husband.
Younger Farnsworth: Wernstrom!
Younger Wernstrom: You've been played, Farnsworth. Played like a cheap harpsichord.
Younger Mom: Walt, fire that employee like Mommy taught you.
Leela: Professor, maybe I can help you get even with Mom. I spend most of my time thinking about how to get revenge on a bad boss.
Fry: Me, too.
Zoidberg: Ditto!
Hermes: Likewise.
Amy: I made a blinding powder.
Farnsworth: Thanks, but that won't be necessary because I have the ultimate weapon. [Cut to the scene when the first crystal was created. A black crystal shoots out of the machine and Farnsworth puts it in his pocket. VO:] You see, in the instant the energy crystal was created, there also came into being an opposite crystal made of pure anti-backwards energy.
ALL: Wow!
Hermes: So?
Farnsworth: So, this! If ever the two crystals should meet, their wave functions would collapse like Raymond Burr's trampoline, once again rendering all dark matter inert and useless as fuel.
Hermes: But then we'll have no fuel.
Farnsworth: But once we free society from dependence on Mom's dark matter, scientists will finally care enough to develop cleaner, alternative fuels.
Fry: Scientists like you!
Farnsworth: No, not me. I'm too busy developing makeup for dogs. That's where the money is.
Leela: This is our chance to teach Mom a lesson. Let's take the anti-crystal and shove it up Mom's regular crystal.
ALL: Yeah.
Hermes: Fight the power!
Farnsworth: There's just one, small problem, and it's a big one. I hid the crystal and I can't remember where.
Hermes: Surely it's just a matter of waiting till you next move your bowels and then using a potato masher...
Farnsworth: Don't you think I already tried that? No. I'm afraid, the crystal is lost forever.
Dwight: Nine? You did it. You outwitted the fungus.
ALL: Woohoo!
Chinese Boy: Who needs girls?
Dr. Perceptron: Since you have all proven resistant to individualized hammer therapy, I now prescribe group therapy.
Rosie: Everything must be clean, very clean. That's why the dog had to die. He was a dirty dog. Dirty, dirty. Also, that boy, Elroy. Dirty, dirty.
Dr. Perceptron: Who would like to share their feelings?
Intercom Assistant: I feel unappreciated at work.
Dr. Perceptron: What? I can barely understand you.
Intercom Assistant: I said I feel...
Mad Hatterbot: Change places.
Roberto: Well, well. Looks like old Roberto is the focus of attention now. Stop looking at me. [He makes his "knifing" noises.]
Dr. Perceptron: Calm down, Roberto. Tell us about your childhood.
Roberto: I was designed by a team of engineers attempting to build an insane robot. But it seems they failed.
Convenience Store Bot: Um, actually...
Bender: Look, we have to accept the fact that we all have a serious problem.
Roberto: Amen.
Dr. Perceptron: Good, Bender.
Rosie: That's right.
Bender: There's a band of river trolls living in the moat and they may have no intention of letting us out of this castle, unless we hand over the Golden Scepter of Zanthor.
Roberto: Say what? Dude's crazy.
Dr. Perceptron: Bender, please, try to...
Bender: I know not of this Bender. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Dr. Perceptron: You are suffering a breakdown. I'm in your seat. I forgot we had changed places.
Farnsworth: Good news, everyone!
Amy: You perfected dog mascara?
Farnsworth: Far from it. If you ask me, they look like a bunch of hookers. But what I have invented is a means of locating the missing crystal. When I push this button, the crystal will emit a high-frequency stink.
Zoidberg: Hurray!
Farnsworth: There. Now, with any luck I'll detect it with my smelling aid. I just pray to all powerful Atheismo that we find it before Mom does.
Hermes: Do you smell the crystal, Professor?
Farnsworth: No, damn it! Just the alluring scent of Obsession for spaniels.
Dwight: Dude. Who whipped an egger?
CubertHe who smelled it, dealt it.
Dwight: Well, he who denied it, supplied it.
Cubert: Well, he who articulated it, particulated it.
Dwight: Well, he who refuted it, tooted it.
Cubert: Stalemate.
Mom: Jesus craps. The anti-backwards crystal.
Larry: Ow! Ah... sorry?
Mom: Relax, it's not your fault. I can't believe it still exists. Google the hell out of that skanker. Planet-sucking-Express? Of course. How could I have been so dumb? With that crystal, Farnsworth could completely destroy my dark matter empire. I underestimated that sagging old bag of bones and gonads.
Inger: Is that man bad?
Mom: Very bad, Igner. And that's why I need you three to go steal the anti-crystal away from him. But be careful. You'll need all your stoogely cunning.
Walt: Exterminators.
Fry: Oh, great. What do we got? Wall gophers? Toilet snails?
Walt: No, I'm afraid you've got owls. Over there, see?
Igner: Ow!
Walt: Dump the bag, you nitwit.
Larry: Hey, watch it.
Walt: Quiet, you. Ow!
Fry: I was looking over there for a long time but I didn't see any... Oh, there they are. Gross.
Walt: We've got to act fast. Larry, get out the geigersniffer.
Larry: You're just gonna hit me with it.
Walt: No. I'm going to hit you with this.
Fry: Those three exterminators are hilarious.
Amy: Really? I don't think so.
Leela: Me, neither. Now, Sex and the City, that's funny.
Dwight: After wandering aimlessly in the swamp, you suddenly... wander aimlessly in the swamp.
Walt: There it is.
Cubert: Uh, excuse you.
Walt: I'm sorry, little boy. You see, we're owl exterminators.
Igner: We are owl extermin... Ow!
Walt: And what we have here is an owl egg that's about to hatch into an owl larva. So, if you don't mind, we'll just take this and...
Cubert: What are you, stupid? That's a dodecahedral crystal I found hidden in the downstairs walrus tank.
Dwight: And I wrote numbers on it so we could use it as a D12, 'cause I have the best handwriting.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: Do not.
Dwight: Do too.
Cubert: You win this round.
Farnsworth: What's going on here?
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth: Oh? Then you won't have any problem exterminating this owl.
Farnsworth: My anti-backwards crystal. So it's you three. I should have known Mom would send her brainless brood to do her dirty work. Walt, the leader among imbeciles.
Walt: Hey! They resent that.
Farnsworth: Larry, the snivelling middle child.
Larry: Sorry. Thank you.
Farnsworth: And you, Igner. The evil I could tolerate, but the stupidity...
Igner: We're owl exterminators.
Farnsworth: Good God. Just knowing we're in the same genus makes me embarrassed to call myself homo. Now, get out and tell Mom thanks for the crystal.
Igner: Thanks for the crystal.
Fry: There. The repairs are complete.
Farnsworth: Let's go, already. We've got to infiltrate Mom's dark matter mine, now. How do you start this thing? Good Lord, woman. Can you move any slower? Rake up some dark matter and top off the tank.
Leela: Well, there isn't any dark matter. Nibbler hasn't pooped at all. And he ate a whole family of koalas last night. Nibbler! Nibbler!
Farnsworth: I'm not interested in the whereabouts of your cutesy-fruitsy space rat. The only thing that matters right now is this crystal.
Leela: Ow!
Farnsworth: And be careful with that crystal.

Bender: Death to ogres!
Dr. Perceptron: Even relaxation therapy has failed. Nurse, schedule a robotomy for Bender.
Nurse Ratchet: Yes, Doctor. I'll get the tools from the shed.
Dr. Perceptron: It's a very painful procedure. So until then, just try to relax.
Mom: What are you laughing at?
Larry: Your laugh. It's just so infectious.
Mom: So's herpes. Now, shut up! You and Walt, lead the killbots to the surface and blow Farnsworth out of the sky.
Walt: What about Igner?
Mom: That hairless ape? I swear. When he came out I flipped a coin whether to keep him or the after-birth.
Walt: Yes, Mother. You told that story at his graduation.
Mom: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Igner I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Walt: Continue returning fire.
Killbot 1: What?
Killbot 2: What did they say?
Killbot 1: I don't know. I can't hear a thing.
Killbot 3: Hey, what's everybody talking about?
Farnsworth: Mayday! Mayday! Oh, God. I cannot believe this is the best plan I could come up with. We weren't actually in the ship.
Leela: Okay, team, these red-hot, razor-sharp fans are the only safe way into the mine.
Fry: Hmm, uh, ladies first. Phew! That blade missed me by the skin of my pants. [His pants have been cut open. The crew throw their jackets into a bin labelled "CLOTHES FOR THE GREEDY." Farnsworth presses the call button on a maintenance elevator.]
Elevator Steward: Maintenance shaft 7 serving...
Farnsworth: Shut your mouth.
Elevator Steward: I'm just talking about the shaft.
Fry: Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?
Leela: Actually, feels kind of good. I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up.
Walt: We shot them down, Mother. The intruders never even got to Sector 1.
Security Woman : Intruders in Sector 15. Intruders in Sector 15.
Mom: Ugh... Sometimes I don't know why I even bother to slap you. All Killbots to Sector 15.
Killbot 1: What did she say?
Killbot 2: What did you say?
Fry: There are so many killbots behind us I can't count them all. Three, I think.
Leela: We're trapped.
Farnsworth: The main pit must be in here. I'm detecting vast quantities of Dark Matter.
Leela: Step aside turkey-neck. I think I know the code.
Farnsworth: We're in. We're in the heart of the mine. The very source of all Mom's wealth and...
Leela: My God! This isn't a crap mine. It's a crap farm.
Fry: Is there really so much of a distinction? I mean...
Nibbler: Leela, it's me, Nibbler.
Leela: Oh, my God, you look horrible, Nibbler. I think I'm going to vomit.
Nibblonian: Nibbler is over there.
Leela: Oh, sorry. Nibbler!