
Morbo: Previously, on puny Futurama. Mwaah!
Bender: Foolish leprechaun, I scoop your treasure in the name of the fancy men.
Fry: Bender, I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: I know not of this Bender. I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Dr. Perceptron: Please, send in the patient.
Bender: Wee!
Farnsworth: The collar will be triggered any time your thoughts turn to violence.
Leela: Ouch!
Fry: Jeez, doesn't that shock collar hurt?
Leela: Actually, I guess I'm starting to associate it with the pleasure of beating people up.
Morbo: Mom, you control the world's only dark matter mine.
Leela: My God! This isn't a crap mine. It's a crap farm.

Leela: Oh, my poor little snuzzy-wuzzams. Are they treating you okay?
Nibbler: No, they are force-feeding us so we poop more dark matter. It's horrible. [A chime tings and chickens fly out of a hole at the rear of his cage and he "reluctantly" eats them whole then belches.] Those are good. You've got to help us.
Nibblonians: Help us!
Nibblonian: Help us, for God's sakes!
Leela: Nibbler made a bo-bo.
Nibbler: But not on my terms. I will not be treated like... Hey, wait, aren't you amazed I can speak?
Fry: Well, actually, no. You forgot to blank our memories after you spoke last time.
Nibbler: Then why did you let me eat Friskies and make bo-bo in a litter box?
Fry: Well, you're cuter that way.
Farnsworth: Cute as a baby's buttocks.
Leela: So what happened? How did Mom capture all you Nibblonians?
Nibbler: It all began 36 years ago... Now! On the planet Vergon 6. It was a veritable Eden, brimming with unique and irreplaceable species. Most of which were delicious. I was Supreme Fuzzler of a Nibblonian scientific outpost. It was paradise, until they came. One of your DOOP ships struck dark matter, little realizing it was not a natural deposit, but rather centuries of Nibblonian fecal material.
Fry: The big faecal enchilada. Anyone else hungry?
Nibbler: The DOOP contracted a ruthless businesswoman to spearhead the mining operation.
Leela: Let me guess. Mom?
Nibbler: The very same.
Fry: Can I also guess Mom?
Nibbler: To reduce cost she started a new enterprise, Mom's Friendly Robots, to build robot slaves. Remember this was back in the days before Robot Lincoln.
Mom: Faster, faster!
Robot Slave: I'm going exactly as fast as you built me to go.
Mom: Oh, wise guy, huh?
Robot Slave: Ow!
Nibbler: Eventually, the planet was mined down to a hollow shell and my people were forced to evacuate. Alas, I had eaten a day-old Swinosaur for lunch. And while doing some evacuating of my own, I was left behind. [He makes noises that often accompany bowel movements. Mom is watching him Mom: So, that's where it comes from. We may have a whole new source of Dark Matter on our hands.
Igner: Eww!
Nibbler: As it turned out I was the lucky one. Unbeknownst to me, Mom captured my colleagues and enslaved them here in this... this... crap farm.
Nibblonian: There's nothing to do but eat and crap, eat and crap. It's like visiting my parents.
Nibbler: As for me, I emerged from behind the "bush of many uses" to find I had been left behind. I was doomed, doomed.

Leela: Hello, there.
Nibbler: Startled, my cuteness reflex kicked in.
Leela: I'll call him Nibbler.
Nibbler: A silly name for a high-ranking Fuzzler. But, hey, I was glad to be rescued.
Leela: But then, how did you end up here with the others?
Nibbler: I was kidnapped yesterday by Mom's vile sons in their moronic disguises.
Igner: I was an owl exterminator. Do you have the crysal?
Farnsworth: It's pronounced "crystal," you lump.
Igner: Go, run fast. [He points at the large pipe labelled "Primary Chicken Valve." A marching is heard and the door opens. Walt, Larry and many Killbots enter the room.]
Walt: Did you see anyone?
Igner: Me?
Walt: Yes, you. You're the only one here.
Igner: If I'm the only one here, then how could I see anyone?
Larry: He's got a point, Walt.
Walt: So does my knee.
Fry: This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the chickens.
Nurse Ratchet: Don't worry, those clamps are for my own protection.
Dr. Perceptron: Do you know where you are, Bender?
Bender: Sure do, I'm in the magical land of Cornwood, frolicking with wenches.
Dr. Perceptron: Close. You're in the loony bin for a robotomy.
Nurse Ratchet: Can't you just use the access panel?
Dr. Perceptron: Either way is fine.
Bender: Does anyone else smell burning dragon beak?
Mom: Wherever you are, Farnsworth, my boys will find you.
Walt: They've eluded us, Mother. But rest assured, we've already slapped each other, so there's no need to...
Mom: You'll thank me some day when you are slapping your own kids. I know Farnsworth's game. He is going to try to poke his clammy old crystal at my hot fiery crystal.
Larry: Mom!
Mom: If the crystals get within six inches of each other... Wham! All my dark matter will be worthless.
Mom: Get them!
Leela: Ooh. That feels good.
Mom: Oh, for crying out... Oh, the freaking battery's dead. Walt, where's the charger?
Walt: In the hardware drawer, Mother.
Mom: Damn tangled mess of wires.
Farnsworth: We're almost there. The crystals are beginning to engorge. I can't quite reach. Fry, grab onto my easy-fit waistband. Just a few more inches. Come on, really wedgie it on in there. So, that's why they call me the Catman.
Mom: Nobody move. I've found the charger. Hang on. I'm on it. Okay, there!
Fry: Save us, Catman.
Mom: It's over, Hubert. Give me the anti-backwards crystal.
Farnsworth: Never!
Mom: Oh, bravo. You're in a crap-harvesting factory, genius. Walt! Larry! Start harvesting. [Walt picks up a large syringe labelled "Prunes" and Larry picks up a bucket.]
Farsnworth: No!
Dr. Perceptron: I will now delicately jerk out your imagination, severing fantasy's grip on your nerd-circuit.
Bender: Cornwood!
Dr. Perceptron: Illogical. Illogical.
Nurse Ratchet: But, Doctor, I love you.
Mom: Oh, what now?
Frydo: This is crazy. Ow! What the... You okay, Leela?
Leegola: I think so.
Frydo: Wait a second. Is there something different about your hooves?
Leegola: Oh, Lord. I'm half-horse and half-naked.
Frydo: Where the hell are we, hell?
Frydo: Bender?
Titanius Anglesmith: I know not of this Bender. I'm Titanius Anglesmith. Welcome to Cornwood!
Titanius Anglesmith: Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!
Peasent Cook: Care for a slice of scroto?
Frydo: Uh... that's his name, right?
Peasent Cook: 'Tis also that, sir.
Titanius Anglesmith: We're honored this eve by a visit from my friends of old, Frydo and Leegola. So let the dwarves do their gay dance and let the gnomes play their sissy piccolos. Dance! Dance, you little freaks. Faster. Faster!
Dwarf: My ankle!
Titanius Anglesmith: To the kitchen with him!
Dwarf: Wait! Wait! Wait! I do impressions. Behold! The swamp hag: "Get out of my swamp, you kids!"
Titanius Anglesmith: Don't let him get too crispy.
Calculon: Lord Anglesmith.
Titanius Anglesmith: You have ridden hard, noble squire. May I offer you a horn of ale and a shank of dwarf?
Calculon: 'Tis dire news, sire. Dark riders approach.
Titanius Anglesmith: You shall be handsomely rewarded, sir knight. We ride at once! [He pulls one of two ropes in front of a sign labelled "Drawbridge" and Calculon is squished by the drawbridge.] Oops! Frydo! Saddle up that trusty steed.
Frydo: What's happening? And why am I enjoying it so much?
Titanius Anglesmith: Foul beast-bags! Meet thy doom!
Waltazar: Follow me.
Waltazar: Damn thee, Ignus.
Larius: Well, you said to follow you.
Waltazar: Well, now I say follow this!
Larius: The Die of Power! He's rolling it.
Waltazar: Oh, no!
Titanius Anglesmith: I'm back bab-...
Die of Power: Seven. [An appendix comes out of the die and the seventh attack is "Banish Foes."]
Titanius Anglesmith: "Banish foes"? Cool.
Waltazar: No! No!
Larius: I got to say, I had no idea the Die of Power was so powerful.
Waltazar: Did you have any idea of...
Swamp Hag: Get out of my swamp, you kids!
Leegola: I can't believe I'm saying this, but that was really exciting. I've never felt so alive. What else can we slay? Is that a hobbit over there?
Titanius Anglesmith: No, that's a hobo and a rabbit. But they're making a hobbit.
Frydo: Thank God, an outhouse.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hush! This be no outhouse, but the lair of the great wizard Grayfarn.
Greyfarn: Who is it?
Titanius Anglesmith: 'Tis I, Titanius.
Greyfarn: Just a moment.
Titanius Anglesmith: Methinks the wizard be casting a powerful spell, indeed.
Greyfarn: Come in! Come in! Yes. 'Tis a powerful object in both our worlds. If you failed to destroy it in yours, perhaps you were brought here that you might have a second chance.
Frydo: So, this land is real?
Greyfarn: Oh, dreadfully real. If you die here, you'll really be dead. But instead of science, we believe in crazy hocus-pocus. It's like Kansas.
Leegola: God help us.
Greyfarn: Cornwood's troubles began hundreds or perhaps millions of years ago. Deep in the Geysers of Gygax, Momon herself injection-molded the Dice of Power from the living plastic.
Momon : Damn, these are hot.
Leegola: Ah ha! In our universe she's called Mom.
Greyfarn: In your universe, are you taught not to interrupt? Evidently not. Anyway, Momon spawned three rotten sons, whom you've already had the displeasure of meeting. Waltazar, Larius, and the dumbest of all, the halfwit Ignus, bastard son of Momon and the brainless He-demon. Curse you, Momon, queen of all that is evil and not very good in bed. And I'm not just saying that because she dumped me. Yes, I was once her consort. I was blinded by love, and later, scorpion venom. I'm blind! But Momon has one weakness. She put too much of her power into this. The generalissimo of dice.
Titanius Anglesmith: Well, bite my shiny metal face.
Greyfarn: Don't be foolish, Titanius. If you had paid attention in freshman alchemy, instead of frequenting the bawdyhouse, you'd know there's only one way to destroy it. In the boiling plastic from which it was molded.
Frydo: Like that machine that makes wax lions at the zoo.
Greyfarn: Quiet, you. We must infiltrate the Geysers of Gygax, the impenetrable stronghold of Momon.
Titanius Anglesmith: Impossible. Impossible, I say.
Greyfarn: No, Titanius. For we maintain one advantage, the element of surprise.

Titanius Anglesmith: Verily, our quest has begun.
Hermaphrodite: Stop right there.
Frydo: Hermes?
Leegola: He's a centaur like me.
Frydo: You wish.
Hermaphrodite: I am Hermaphrodite, most beautiful of centaurs. Gaze upon me and weep at my loveliness.
Greyfarn: Very well.
Titanius Anglesmith: Loveliest of centaurs, we seek to end Momon's reign of evil. Have you stout fighters at your command?
Hermaphrodite: One thousand archers of truest aim. Fire!
Titanius Anglesmith: Hey guys, I forgot I had this pumpkin.
Leegola: I knew it. My people are mighty warriors. Our enemies will be like Swiss cheese with blood coming out of the holes.
Female Centaur: We centaurs are creatures of peace.
Leegola: Oh, Lord.
Hermaphrodite: Violence is never justified. We shall not join your quest. And furthermore, if mayhem be your intent, you may not cross our lands.
Leegola: Or what?
Hermaphrodite: Or... Uh... Mmm?
Greyfarn: We're not there, we're here.
Titanius Anglesmith: No, this way.
Greyfarn: I mean, here.
Greyfarn: Thank you, kindly, Treedledum.
Treedledum: Okey-doke. Anything else I can do?
Leegola: You know who I'm gonna miss? That tree guy.
Greyfarn: Bad news, fancy men. Momon's guards stand watch at the pass. 'Tis as if she somehow anticipated us.
Titanius Anglesmith: And so our quest comes to an end. I only regret not giving up sooner.
Greyfarn: Fret not, Titanius. For we still have one hope, the Cave of Hopelessness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Let me know how that turns out.
Ogre: Halt. Are you on the list? I'm not seeing you on the list.
Leegola: I'll split this doofus in half.
Titanius Anglesmith: Wait, I got it. Yeah. My cousin's in the band. The band of merry men. Please, we were already in there. I just need to go back for my coat.
Gynecaladriel: I am Gynecaladriel, queen of the water nymphos.
Leegola: All right. I'll split this doofus in half.
Gynecaladriel: Stand aside and I will use my powers to overwhelm the guard. Behold, the deed is done.
Titanius Anglesmith: Hi oh!
Frydo: Mr. Wizard, why is this place called the Cave of Hopelessness?
Greyfarn: Oh, fear not, lad. 'Tis named for its discoverer, Reginald Hopelessness...
Frydo: Whew!
Greyfarn: ...the first man to be eaten alive by the Tunneling Horror.
Frydo: What's that? The Tunneling Horror?
Gynecaladriel: No, it's morcs.
Morcs: Hey, listen. Nanu, nanu. Shazbot.
Titanius Anglesmith: Oh, God, no. They're so aggravating.
Morcs: Oh, fantastic. Nanu, nanu. Reality, what a concept. Fantastic. Mindy, Mindy, Mindy.
Gynecaladriel: Shut up! Shut up!
Morcs: Oh, fantastic. Oh, fantastic. Oh, wonderful.
Frydo: Maybe it'll go away if we just don't laugh at it.
Titanius Anglesmith: It doesn't.
Morcs: Nanu, nanu. Oh, shazbot.
Frydo: Well, at least we didn't have to face the tunneling whatchimacallit. Uh-oh.
Zoidberg: Enough already with the banging and the swashbuckling.
Leegola: Oh, I'm gonna enjoy killing you.
Zoidberg: Watch where you're shooting that thing. Again? What, am I talking to myself over here?
Leegola: Mutilate!
Zoidberg: Okay. Now, I'm getting a little mad even.
Leegola: I'll kill you and eat your heart, you abomination.
Zoidberg: Don't make me laugh. The very idea that removing only one of my two hearts could... Hey, what are you doing down there? Now, I'm dead.
Frydo: Leela, it's over. You killed him enough.
Leegola: I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror.
Zoidberg: What? I'm not the Tunneling Horror. I hate that guy. Always with the tunneling. Anyway, I'm dead.
Leegola: So, you're just an innocent monster. Oh, God. What have I done?
Zoidberg: Oh! There he goes again.