
Mom: Previously, on Futurama.
Fry: Bender, I think you might be playing too much Dungeons & Dragons.
Bender: I am Titanius Anglesmith, fancy man of Cornwood.
Younger Mom: A new super fuel, eh?
Mom: If the crystals get within six inches of each other... Wham! All my dark matter will be worthless.
Mom: Give me the anti-backwards crystal.
Farnsworth: Never!
Titanius Anglesmith: Welcome to Cornwood!
Frydo: What's happening? And why am I enjoying it so much?
Leegola: I'm not taking any chances with the Tunneling Horror.
Zoidberg: I'm not the Tunneling Horror.

Titanius Anglesmith: The Tunneling Horror!
Frydo: Why aren't you killing it, Leela? You love killing.
Leegola: No, no more killing.
Zoidberg: Oh! So, suddenly, Miss Goody Four-shoes over here doesn't kill anymore. She killed me not five minutes ago. What am I? Chopped liver?
Leegola: Shut up.
Zoidberg: Ow! Stop chopping my liver.
Leegola: You're on your own. I refuse to hurt another living thing.
Frydo: All right. I may be weak and I may be small, but I don't see how I can possibly destroy that monster. Guess I'll just huck whatever's in my pockets at him. At least I can say I tried.
Titanius Anglesmith: Any time now.
Frydo: The Die of Power. I forgot to remember to roll it.
Die of Power: Three.
Frydo: "Grow?" I don't see anything growing. Everything is getting smaller. Ow. Wait a second. I'm big! In your face, everyone from middle school especially Jeremy. Wow, that was intense. You guys got to try the Die of Power.
Titanius Anglesmith: I'll take a hit.
Frydo: Hands off the dodecalicious.
Greyfarn: Beware, Frydo. Don't be seduced. Hang on a second. Resist the allure of the die. For to defeat Momon, we must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Greyfarn: We must melt it in the super bombastic, bubbling plastic from whence it came.
Momon: I send you to kill them and they're not even maimed? That's what I get for sending boys to do a mom's job.
Larius: Sorry, Mom.
Momon: Sorry doesn't put heads on my table. Peaches. You're up.
Ignus: I like this part but I don't like...
Centaur Opponent: You are an able opponent, Hermaphrodite. But hear me well when I posit that we must abhor violence in all its forms.
Hermaphrodite: I offer a dissenting opinion.
ALL: [A gasp-like "huh?"]
Hermaphrodite: For abhorring violence is itself an act of violence and, therefore, to be abhorred. All bow before mighty Hermaphrodite. Ah! Don't hurt me.
Leegola: I'm not here to hurt you. Or anything ever again. Please, teach me the centaurs' ways of wimpiness.
Hermaphrodite: What do you offer in return?
Titanius Anglesmith: Yes! We made it out of that godforsaken cave. Now, what's the fastest way home? Back through the cave? Ow! Ow!
Greyfarn: We're close now, my friends. So close, I can practically feel the heat of the fiery molten plastic.
Gynecaladriel: You're standing in the fire.
Greyfarn: Oh, my. Alas, our path is blocked by Momon's army of evil. As well as her navy of moral dubiousness.
Titanius Anglesmith: Mayhaps we might raise an army of our own. We're but an hour's ride from Wipe Castle.
Greyfarn: Of course. Wipe Castle. And while we're there, we can get some of those greasy little dwarf burgers.
Gynecaladriel: Ooh! I love those. You can eat like eight of them without gaining any weight because of all the diarrhea.
Greyfarn: Sleep deep, fair snoozles. At dawn, we ride for Wipe Castle. Quiet, Frydo.
Momon: We've got them now. Send all our forces against Wipe Castle.
Waltazar: Right away, Mother. I'll just leave a small contingent behind in case...
Momon: I said, everything. Peaches!
Peaches : I'm in the tub.
Momon: Waltazar, you and Larius shall lead the assault.
Waltazar: What about Ignus?
Momon: I'm afraid he can't be trusted on this mission. You see, there is a terrible secret about Ignus I've never told anyone. And here it is.
Momon: It's a good day to be evil. Oh, put a towel on, for crap's sake.

Frydo: They all wants it. They wants the dodecalicious.
Reflection Host: Tell you what, you want to defend a magic artifact, and I mean, defend it good, then what you need is a top-quality knife.
Frydo: Me is listening.
Reflection Host: The Eviscerator is one of the finest, if not the finest, tactical folder on the market today. We're talking 440 stainless, quick release and... I don't believe this. Is this a stag horn handle at this price?
Reflection Host 2: It is, yeah. It's a stag horn.
Reflection Host: At this price? You have got to be kidding me. That's got to be some kind of mistake, right there.
Reflection Host 2: Now, you folks at home, I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, that can't be stag horn. It's got to be the cheaper manticore horn. But, I've got the specs right here and I'll tell you what, this is the real deal.
Reflection Host: Unbelievable.
Reflection Host 2: It is unbelievable. That's exactly what it is. I mean, this is... I have no words to describe this deal. Honestly, have you ever seen stag horn at this price?
Reflection Host: No, no, I don't believe I ever have.
Reflection Host 2: 1101-1816 is the item number on this one.
Reflection Host: You know what, we're gonna have to put a clock on this deal, folks. Two minutes. Can I get a clock at two minutes up there?
Reflection Host 2: Two minutes at most. Honestly, I'd be surprised if they last that long.
Reflection Host: Oh, I'd be very surprised, shocked really. Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep.
Titanius Anglesmith: He tried to murder me. He tried... Woah, cool. Is that the stag horn?
Greyfarn: Alas, Frydo's weakness was no match for the die's strength. We can only hope he forges on alone to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith: I can hope my ass is made of ice-cream but that don't make me a hot fudge sundae.
Greyfarn: As for us, we must press on to Wipe Castle, though the journey be long and I fear I may not live to see it.
Gynecaladriel: There it is!
Frydo: They's following us's.
Zoidberg Head: You know, you talk like that, it's gonna cost you points at a job interview.
Frydo: What does it wants?
Zoidberg Head: I thought I could help you destroy the die, maybe.
Frydo: Yes, yes, please help me. The die is tearing me apart. No, it's not. We're having a nice time. Shut up. You shut up. S'all right? Who's a s'all right? Help me!
URL: Now, before your audience with the king, there's a shocking fact you best know about him.
Titanius Anglesmith: Enough blabbety-blab! Open the doors.
Roberto: What, ho?
Titanius Anglesmith: We bring ill tidings, o fanciest of men. Momon's reach nears the die of power. And should she obtain it, she will then have the entire basic set. Rivers will run red with blood and yellow with urine. And a dog will be seen eating cat food in the land. Oh, great king, your army is the last hope of Cornwood. Let us join forces before the light of good is extinguished forever.
Roberto: You calling me crazy? Just 'cause I've got a hotel in my foot don't make me a boogalee-moogalee-moogalee.
Titanius Anglesmith: Pardon?
Roberto: Stop laughing at me, fried avocado.
Titanius Anglesmith: Moving along then. As the only nobleman present who's not... ...I hereby place myself in command of the royal army.
URL: What royal army would that be?
Greyfarn: What?
Smitty: King went insane and declared war on the scallops. Tied his army to a boulder and pushed them into the sea. They never returned.
URL: Scallops must've got them.
Greyfarn: Oh, well. There'll be no epic battle today.
Titanius Anglesmith: Methinks we be boned.
Larius: Where's their army?
Waltazar: Maybe they didn't hear the horn. Blow it again.
URL: Man, I'll show that cat how to blow.
Titanius Anglesmith: Ow.
Roberto: What the... You're not made of Tuesday. My sanity. It's back. At last, I can live the life I always... AHH! Boogalee-moogalee-moogalee!
Man: Ow!

Leegola: What does it mean?
Female Centaur: Evil will soon triumph over good.
Hermaphrodite: Your friends face certain death. Followed by a disrespectful marionette show performed with their corpses.
Leegola: No! We've got to do something.
Hermaphrodite: Believe me, we will. We've taken out a sternly worded ad in tomorrow's Cornwood Times. [He holds up a news paper with the headline "There must be a better way" printed on it above a picture of an ogre being beheaded. Leegola kicks through the paper and everybody gasps.]
Leegola: What a load of man-horse manure.
Hermaphrodite: Well, Leegola, if you have a better idea, perhaps you'd like to challenge me to debate.
Frydo: I'm too exhausted. I can't go on.
Zoidberg Head: I'm here for you, my friend. Grab onto my testicles.
Frydo: You know, I think maybe I can walk after all.
'Momon: That's not Wipe Castle.
Zoidberg Head: What are you waiting for, Frydo? Throw it already in the boiling plastic.
Frydo: I would. But... Me's enjoys owning it.
Zoidberg Head: Stop talking like that. It gives me anxiety.
Frydo: Ow!
Momon: No!
Die of Power: Twelve.
Frydo: So, it's all come down to this. A dungeon and dragons.
Zoidberg Head: I didn't see it coming.
Ogres: Eat the wizard, eat the slut. Eat the robot's shiny butt
Gynecaladriel: Well, at least we'll be remembered in song.
Titanius Anglesmith: Wait a second. I have an idea. I surrender. Here, eat my friends. Just give me one more second of sweet, sweet life. Well, that worked out pretty good, eh, fellows?
Leegola: Prepare to fire again, brave cowards.
Hermaphrodite: I still say, I won the debate.
Leegola: Fire.
Ogre: Wuh-woah.
Remaining Ogre: Whew!
Gynecaladriel: Leegola, you saved us. How can I ever repay you?
Greyfarn: Frydo is fighting for his life. Quickly, to the Geysers.
Titanius Anglesmith: Can it wait a couple of minutes?
Greyfarn: Yes. Yes, it can.
Frydo: You are no match for my dragon style. I guess you are a match for my dragon style.
Momon: Tell me, Frydo, are you aware that a dragon's one weakness is its soft underbelly?
Frydo: No. Why do you...
Leegola: Get my friend out of your mouth.
Titanius Anglesmith: It is all over, Momon. We'll soon be down there defeating you. And it's all thanks to the existence of this fragile staircase. Whoa!
Ignus: Quick. Get on the magic bug.
Greyfarn: It's not a magic bug, you dope. It's a magic arachnid. Can't you count the legs?
Ignus: No.
Greyfarn: Six, seven, eight. Not six, eight. I'll kill you, you imbecile.
Momon: My underbelly. My one weakness.
Zoidberg Head: I got it. Now I can throw it in the hot thing over there and be the hero. On the other hand, infinite power might be nice.
Ignus: Please, I'm trying to help you.
Greyfarn: Then why are you hitting me with a stick? How stupid are you that you think that's helping?
Ignus: Mommy never told you about my father.
Greyfarn: She said he was a foul He-demon.
Ignus: Exactly. You are my father.
Greyfarn: No. No, that's impossible.
Ignus: Search your feelings. You know it to be true.
Greyfarn: No! No!
Ignus: Ya-huh! I heard Mommy say so.
Zoidberg Head: I have all the dice. I am the dungeon master. I know all and see...
Momon: Game over.
Frydo: No! No!
Mom: What happened?
Leela: My God, we're out of that weird, crazy world and back in our regular crazy world.
Fry: Did we all just have some kind of freaky dream or was it ghosts?
Farnsworth: Neither, Fry. It was science. Bender's mighty imagination amplified by a dark matter resonance created an alternate reality that very nearly blew our minds.
Hermes: Exactly. You can't make that kind of stuff up.
Mom: Quit trying to explain everything. I defeated you in that world and I'll defeat you in this one. Boys, the crystals still in his stomach.
Walt: Commencing intestinal flash flood.
Farnsworth: Wait! Before my moment of shame, can I...
Mom: Yes, speak up.
Farnsworth: Can I give my boy a hug?
Mom: All right. Fine. I've never done it. I guess somebody should.
Inger: Daddy.
Farnsworth: Like father, like son, eh, boy?
Igner: We both eated the crysals.
Mom: No. No!
Mom: My dark matter. It's worthless.
Farnsworth: That's right, Mom. But fear not, fancy folk for I've just thunk up an alternative energy source. Nibbler-power.
Nibbler: Hurray. Wait. What?
Farnsworth: Mush! Mush!
Bender: Whip harder, Professor.
Farnsworth: Faster, faster. Slower.
Garry Gygax: Anyone wanna play Dungeons & Dragons for the next quadrillion years?