
Poopenmeyer: As mayor, it is my deeply tedious pleasure to kick off the 83rd or 84th Annual e-Waste Recycling Festival!
Bender: Down in front!
Zoidberg: Sorry, I get aroused in crowds.
Poopenmeyer: I will now throw out the ceremonial first dump: this old inefficient vote rigger!
Farnsworth: These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.
Leela: So long, overly complicated Japanese toilet!
Toilet: Please. I not to throw away. I give you, uh, Happy Poopie Time.
Fry: Sorry, you know too much.
Bender: Seems like a good place to ditch some evidence. Flexo?! What are you doin' in a hazardous wastebin?
Flexo: Haven't you heard? Us bending units are dangerously outdated. We overheat, we're radioactive, we cause erectile dysfun
Farnsworth: Who were you talking to?
Bender: No one? Your mama? Shut up? Take your pick.
Scoop Chang: Scoop Chang, New New York Times Online Podcast blog comments editor. Mr. Mayor, isn't this e-waste dangerous?
Poopenmeyer: Not at all, Scoop. Not after it's hauled off to the Third World by an expendable team of minimum-wage nobodies.
Farnsworth: Good news, nobodies!
Antarian #1: Greetings, my friends. It shan't take long to strip down your clunker.
Leela: There's nothing wrong with our clunker.
Antarian #1: Really? Because we can smelt out the deadly, deadly chromium to make rat poison and artificial sweeteners.
Leela: No, thanks. We're delivering e-waste.
Antarian #1: Pity. We're halfway done.
Antarian #2: This thing is 40% chromium.
Antarian #1: Gentle now. Gentle with the hover dumpster.
Antarian #1: Ready for processing!
Fry: What smells like bloody sinuses?
Antarian #1: We burn your e-waste down to the usable metals, safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water.
Leela: Uch! That's the worst thing I've ever seen!
Antarian #1: Really? Then don't look over there. Okay, kids, let's play Find the Shiny!
Leela: That's even more horrific! Is all the work done by children?
Antarian #1: No. Not the whipping.
Leela: Granted, we later learned some positive things about recycling. But a better solution is to use our electronics as long as possible, instead of throwing them out in the first place. I'm gonna start by keeping my old cell phone, even if it is outdated.
Phone: Hello, Miss Turanga, your call to St. Louis has gone through.
Bender: Well, let's at least throw this TV out. The batteries in the remote are gettin' low.
Leela: No! Put that back and turn it on!
Bender: I was just tryin' to help.
Morbo: More on this breaking puff piece after a word from our sponsor.
Announcer: WIth the new eyePhone, you can watch, listen, ignore your friends, stalk your ex, download porno on a crowded bus, even check your E-mail while getting hit by a train. All with the new eyePhone.
Mom : From Mom.
Leela: A new eyePhone? Forget this junk.
Phone: Well, this is a fine howdoyoudo.
Hermes: So long.
Fry: Sayonara.
Amy: Buh-bye.
Zoidberg: Good riddance.
Bender: Yep.
Farnsworth: Toodle-oo!
Leela: Come on! Let's buy some eyePhones on line!
Fry: Wait. I thought we were buying our eyePhones online.
Leela: We are on line.
Fry: But I thought the Mom Store was across town.
Amy: It is across town.
Fry: But I thought
Bender: Stop thinking, Fry!
Fry: I feel like a mindless zombie. I wish I knew how long we've been waiting.
Beeler: The eyePhone has an app for that!
Bender: Is there an app for kissin' my shiny metal ass?
Beeler: Several!
Bender: Ooooooh!
Farnsworth: Oh, no! The light! I guess I'm off to Hell.
Hermes: That's the store, Professor.
Farnsworth: Eh-wha?
Amy: Shwow! It's that obscure underground song that's constantly playing everywhere.
Mom: Hello, dearies. Welcome to the Mom Store. The new eyePhones are in short supply, so please form an orderly
Bender: Outta the way!
Fry: Are there any left?
Salesman: There may be one.
Salesman: Okay, it's $500, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold a charge and the reception isn't very
Fry: Shut up and take my money!!
Mom: The new eyePhone is wonderful. I use it to check recipes and send threatening e-mails to unauthorized third party app developers.
Fry: Say, you're from one of those ethnicities that knows about technology. Why's it called an eyePhone?
Salesman: I'll explain after I install it.
Fry: Neat.
Salesman: Now for the earpiece.
Mom: But my favorite app is called "Twitcher". Twitcher lets you send and receive short messages or videos called "twits". Why, here's a twit now.
Larry: Hi, Mom, I love you more than Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar
eyePhone: Low battery.
Mom: But don't take my word for it. Unbiasedreviews.mom says, "Twitcher is the Killer App!"
Mom: And when I say, "killer app", I mean, "KILLER app!"
Announcer: And now, another downloadisode of "The Real Housewives of Sim City"!
Sims Woman: She needs to reset. I'll say it to her face.
Fry: No wonder traditional media is dead! Check out this webisode of Hypnotoad.
Bender: Enjoy your outdated format, Grandpa. Nowadays, cool kids like me mash up our own phoneisodes.
Calculon: It's from the kidnappers. My nephew is alive and he's...in this envelope.
Calculon's Nephew: They cut off one of my dimensions!
Calculon: No. No!
Bender: Oh, my God! It's Bender! He'll save us!
Fry: What's happening to me? Is it puberty?
Bender: It's a phone call, dingus.
Fry: These eyePhones are phones, too?
Bender: Duh!
Fry: Fry-lo.
Leela: Hi, Fry. Did you know these eyePhones are phones, too?
Fry: Duh. Hey, is it safe to talk while you're flying?
Leela: Oh, totally. This thing's hands-free. That's how I can eat this taco and this spaghetti.
Leela: I'm hanging up now.
Bender: Hey, check out this Internet video of some idiot crashing her spaceship!
Leela: You recorded that?
Bender: The eyePhone records everything. All I did was add a laugh track and twit it to my 10,000 followers.
Fry: Oh, that reminds me. It's time to twit my hourly twupdate. 'Sup, followers? Fry here. Burpin' eggs. Scratchin' my underarm fungus. Lookin' for love. Send.
Larry: Underarm fungus? Too much informatio OW!
Mom: It's exactly the right amount of information! For years, I've collected personal data with old-fashioned methods like spybots and infosquitoes.
Infosquito: This guy sure loves porno.
Mom: But now, thanks to Twitcher, morons voluntarily spew out every fact I need to exploit them.
Walt: Target acquired, Mother.
Mom: Fire direct marketing algorithm!
Man: Do you suffer from the heartbreak of...?
Fry's Voice: "my underarm fungus."
Man: Then, you, Mr. or Mrs. ... , need the soothing relief of Mom's Caustic Anti-Fungal Bleach!
Fry: Ooh, can I somehow charge it to my eyePhone for an additional fee?
Mom : Hell, yes!
Ad: Hey, fatso, stuffa you face!
Hermes: This thing always seems to know when I get the munchies! Attention followers: It's Free Topping Day at the pizza place across the street! Send.
Leela: Duh. That's why we all came over here for lunch. Send.
Bender: Greetings, followers: This is Day Five of my solo kayak journey around the world. Send. Can you believe 50,000 idiots swallow that crap? Send. Oops.
Fry: You have 50,000 followers? I only have three. Send.
Leela: I unsubscribed yesterday.
Bender: I got the most followers cuz I give the people what they want, like this video of you doin' karate in your underpants.
Fry: Help! Police!
Bender: Send.
Fry: That is low, Bender. Even by your standards.
Bender: My what, now?
Fry: Since when is the internet about robbing people of their privacy?
Bender: August 6, 1991.
Fry: I'll bet I can get as many followers as you without sinking to your level. What do you say? First one to a million followers wins a buck.
Bender: You're on! Send.
Fry: What happens to the loser?
Bender: Let's make it interesting.
Amy: Splech! Why is Mr. Chunks doing that?
Bender: Because the loser of our bet has to do a double somersault into a tub of alien goat vomit.
Fry: Wait! Let's make it interestinger! Vomit and diarrhea!
Bender: Good idea! That way, we don't waste an end!
Leela: Eg, it's putrid! What do you feed him?
Bender: What comes out one end we feed to the other. Also Indian food. Let the contest begin!
Mom: Amazing. Some dumb bastard has nearly a million other dumb bastards following his every twit. Are you dumb bastards listening to me, you dumb bastards?
Igner: Why are you so angry, Mommy?
Mom: Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I'm just a little nervous about my evil plan. YOU DUMB BASTARDS!!! You see, the plan is about to enter phase two. As soon as someone reaches a million followers, I'll use them to transmit...the Twitworm!
Walt: Oh, Mother, you devious hag, tell us more about this "Twitworm".
Mom: It's a very special computer virus, for instead of infecting computers, it infects...the human brain!
Infosquito: I like it!
Mom: The million followers will become an army of zombies eager to obey my every command!
Larry: The important thing is we're a family.
Mom: NO IT'S NOT!
Amy: Ew! He sneezed in it!
Fry: Oh, God, I'm gonna lose the bet! I'm gonna have to swim in the juice of the puke-me-poop-yu!
Amy: Don't give up. You just need more titillating twits.
Fry: Trust me, I want twits that tittle.
Leela: Then you're gonna have to sink to Bender's level. Stop acting like the Queen of England.
Female Voice: La la la la la la la!
Fry: Whose that? The Queen of England?
Leela: Uh, e-e-excuse me. I have to...someplace.
Fry: That was odd. Where'd that singing come from?
Amy: It wasn't the goat. All of its orifices are in use.
Female Voice: I dreamed a dream in time gone by...
Leela and Female Voice: When hope was high and life worth living.
I dreamed that love would never die.
Susan: I dreamed that God would be forgiving.
Fry: What the hell is that?
Leela: Nothing.
Susan: I'm not nothing! All my life, everyone's called me, "nothing"!
Fry: You have a boil on your butt that sings showtunes with you?
Leela: Don't look at me! I'm a freak!
Fry: No, no. Well...
Leela: I've been ashamed of Susan as long as I can remember.
Fry: You named your boil Susan?
Susan: A boil cannae have a name. He also said a boil cannae sing. But... Amazing grace, how
Fry: Ew, she's Scottish!
Leela: I lance her every few months, but she always grows back. It's hard enough being a cyclops, but if anyone found out about Susan, I'd be devastated.
Susan: Amazing grace, how
Fry: Woah, gross. Million follower gross.
Leela: Fry, delete that! Delete that right now!
Fry: What? Oh. Okay.
Bender: So much for a pleasant swim in vomit.
Fry: Send
Leela: Did you delete it?
Fry: Eh.
Leela: Thanks, Fry. You're a good friend.
Fry: Ih.
Susan: Amazing grace, how
Hoschel: Hey, there she goes in the jen-you-ine! Let's get ta hootin'! HOOOOOOOOOO!
Sal: Whoa-whoa-whoas! If it ain'ts the world's number ones internet sensation!
Leela: Where? Also, what?
Susan : Ama-
Susan : -zing grace, how
Hermes: Play it one more time!
Farnsworth: No! It's humiliating and degrading to Leela! Play it ten more times!
Fry: I know I shouldn't have twitted that but not swimming in barf might ease my conscience.
Zoidberg: But if Leela should find out, her dignity sac will rupture.
Fry: That's why we can't let her see this. Leela, lock the doors so Leela doesn'tEEEEE!
Leela: How could you do this?!!
Amy: Poor Mr. Chunks. At least he died doing what he loved.
Bender: He's in a better place now.
Scruffy: There. I turned a regular board into a divin' board. Mm-hmm.
Farnsworth: Impending news, everyone! We're about to learn the winner of the bet!
Bender: Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy! I hope it's me!
Bender: Wait a minute! There's a chance I could lose? That wasn't part of the deal!
Hermes: Sweet Georgia Brown of Kingston Town! It's a tie! Since no one lost, no one has to jump!
Bender: Alright, a tie! I win again!! [points to Fry as if to say, "In your face!"]
Fry: Oh, I'm a scuzzball.
Zoidberg: Don't feel bad. At least you're not Leela.
Mom: A tie? This worked out better than I could have hoped! Now I'll have two million zombies!
Walt: Actually, Fry and Bender may share some of the same followers. All we can say for sure is that there will be between one million and two million zombies.
Mom: All I can say for sure is... Now stop getting slapped and power up the Twitworm!
Hoschel: It's both disgusting and inspiring, like Jared from Subway.
Leela: Okay, I'm a freak with a singing butt boil, but I'm still a human being more or less.
Sal: Singin' butts boil? That's yesterday'ses news.
Hoschel: Like that giant caterpillar what ate Jared from Subway.
Sal: Nows us internet geeks gots a whole new video sensation.
Leela: So my humiliation is over?
Sal: Who are you?
Mom: And now, to create an unstoppable army of between one and two million zombies!
Igner: Uh, shouldn't you wait for the weather to clear up?
Mom: No! I give you...the Twitworm! Send.
Fry: Aaah! I'm sick of my head doing things! Leela!
Leela: Fry, I came to talk to you.
Fry: No, I came to talk to you.
Leela: It looked like you were just sitting there, but whatever.
Fry: I am so, so sorry for what I did. And I know I can never make it up to you.
Leela: You don't have to apologize. In fact, I came to thank you.
Fry: I think you mean hit me.
Leela: Everyone knows my secret, but no one cares. I have nothing to hide anymore. Oh, Fry, thanks to your selfish rudeness, a terrible weight has been lifted from my heart!
Susan : That's not the only place you need a terrible weight lifted!
Leela: Susan and I are agreed. For the first time in our lives, we're not ashamed of who we are.
Susan : I was never ashamed.
Leela: Come here. What stinks? Were you rolling around in New Jersey?
Fry: Leela, I knew I could never make it up to you, so I did the next best thing. I put myself through the same humiliation I put you through.
Leela: Aw, you didn't have to do that.
Fry: I didn't? Damn.
Leela: Don't worry. By tomorrow, no one will remember.
Fry: Can I have another hug?
Leela: No.
Susan : Oh, hold yer nose an' give it a go!
Mom : Introducing the all new eyePhone 2.0!
Mom: Dumb bastards.