Hermes: Item one... Duck!
Prof. Farnsworth: Cubert, you crapscallion! What aren't you in school?
Cubert: I couldn't get past the protesters. A bunch of smiling, angry people were handing out these anti-evolution flyers.
Farnsworth: Evolution is under attack in our schools? To the science mobile.
Leela: You mean the ship?
Farnsworth: Yes. The science mobile!
Leela: It's just that you've never called it that before, but okay.
Woman: I don't understand evolution, and I have to protect my kids from understanding it! We will not give in to the thinkers!
Farnsworth: You people are as loud as you are ignorant. Now, get back on your turnip trucks and go home!
Hydroponic farmer: That is an insultingly accurate stereotype, sir!
Farnsworth: As a professor of science, I assure you that we did, in fact, evolve from filthy monkey-men.
Dr. Banjo: I cannot speak for you, sir, but my ancestors were not monkeys. They were orangutans. Hard-working, patriotic orangutans.
Farnsworth: Dr. Banjo?
Dr. Banjo: In the fur. And I remind you that evolution is merely a theory. Like gravity, or the shape of the Earth.
Flying Spaghetti Monster: Hey, Professor, I'm a Flying Spaghetti Monster. You seriously believe I've descended from some kind of flightless manicotti?
Farnsworth: Yes!
Banjo: Oh, please. A far more logical explanation is the undisprovable science of Creatureism. All life was created in its present form seven thousand years ago, by a fantastical creature from outer space!
Farnsworth: Bunk!
Banjo: Oh! If you elitist, East Coast evolution is real, why has no one found the missing link between modern humans and ancient apes?
Farnsworth: We did find it! It's called Homo erectus!
Banjo: Then you have proven my case, sir, for no one has found a link between apes and this Homo erectus.
Farnsworth: Yes, they have! It's called Homo habilis!
Banjo: Ah-ha! But no one has found the missing link between ape and this so called Homo habilis.
Farnsworth: Yes, they have! It's called Australopithecus africanus!
Banjo: Oh-ho! I've got you now! Fair enough, but where, then, is the missing link between apes and this Darwinius masillae? Answer me that, Professor!
Farnsworth: Okay, granted, that one missing link is still missing, but just because we haven't found it doesn't mean it doesn't exist!
Banjo: Things don't exist simply because you believe in them. Thus sayeth the Almighty Creature in the Sky!
Farnsworth: I'll show that banana-swilling, poop-slinger! We just need to find that last missing link.
Leela: I found a missing link. It seems to be half-man, half-toucan.
Farnsworth: Not what we're looking for. Throw it in the soup!
Hermes: And here's something. Uh-oh. It's another one of Fry's dogs.
Fry: Did you find something, Hermes?
Hermes: No.
Amy: I hate chiseling right after a manicure. Oh! Darn it! I broke off one of my fingers!
Zoidberg: Look, Cubert. The neck on this one. I bet he spent a fortune on ties! What, too soon?
Cubert: I highly doubt a Jurassic Elaphrosaurus has access to neckwear.
Zoidberg: I knew I should have gone with the ring-around-the-collar joke.
Bender: Hey, look! I found a robot fossil!
Farnsworth: That's a bedspring, you dumb bedspring! There are no robot fossils!
Bender: What? Who says I didn't evolve?
Farnsworth: Everybody! Robots were created quite recently. It was in all the papers.
Bender: Then explain this! [He turns around and works on something. He turns around and shows the Professor. He has put eyes on the spring and mounted it on a plaque that says "I hate Mondays".]
Farnsworth: I've hit a rich vein of missing links. Java Man, Piltdown Man, Manfred Mann. Eureka! It's the elusive missing missing link! This will show Banjo, once and for all!
Fry: What the...
Amy: Oh, that's mine.
Bender: Hmm, my tux doesn't fit. Probably because I've grown so much since I last wore it, or evolved, one might say.
Farnsworth: One might not say that! Your tux doesn't fit because you stole it from a boy!
Bender: You mean a man! It was his Bar Mitzvah.
Ben Beeler: Welcome, museum members. Or, as I like to call you, future exhibits.
Zoidberg: He's good.
Beeler: Tonight, we have a new resident here in the hall of Hominids, generously donated by its discoverer, Hubert Farnsworth. Ladies and gentlemen, Homo farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Once again, science saves the day. The end.
Beeler: And now, to discuss the scientific implications of this discovery, our new museum curator, Dr. Banjo!
Banjo: Thank you Professor Farnsworth, for your generous gift, which has, once and for all dis-proven evolution. Behold! Homo farnsworth frolicking with dinosaurs at the moment of creation.
Farnsworth: I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Farnsworth: Faster! Faster! Just drop me off at that asteroid over there.
Leela: Wow, this planetoid is completely lifeless.
Farnsworth: Not lifeless enough! Set up my shack so that I can kick you out of it!
Fry: Professor, is this your only water source? It looks like Diet Dr. Pepper.
Farnsworth: It's not that bad. It's just laden with toxic minerals. But not for long.
Fry: What's in the tube?
Farnsworth: Microscopic Nanobots. They're tiny robots I designed to eat up nasty irritants.
Fry: Speaking of nasty irritants, what's going to become of Cubert?
Farnsworth: Who? Oh, my son. Don't worry, he's been safely abandoned with his godfather.
Zoidberg: Cubert, I felt we needed some father-son bonding time, so I found a couple of baseball gloves and boiled them up for lunch.
Cubert: Why don't you just go to Hell!
Zoidberg: Wait! We still have to discuss the facts of life. What are they?
Hermes: Okay, I finished moving the last grand piano. Now can we have our pizza?
Farnsworth: You'll get your damned pizza, you parasite! First, let see if my Nanobots have purified the water yet. Ah, the water's as sterile as my milkman-trusting father. But what's this? The Nanobots have gotten more complex.
Bender: What's that you say? Those robots have evolved all by themselves, you say?
Farnsworth: It wasn't by themselves! I put them there. I'm a genius. Get over it!
Amy: Hey look, now they gotten bigger.
Farnsworth: Good heavens! Trilobots!
Leela: Oh, no! My sunglasses were in there!
Hermes: Let's get the pizza out of here.
Amy: Look, there's a cave-like hole in that mountain. It might be a cave.
Leela: Does anyone have a lighter?
Bender: Hang on.
Leela: Okay, we've got shelter and just enough precious food to ward off starvation.
Hermes: It's pizza time.
Amy: Pineapple?
Hermes: So much for that.
Zoidberg: Hello, I remembered you like superheroes so I painted you a mural on your wall. This is Father-Man. He fights crime to earn Son-Boy's respect. Is it working?
Cubert: This is sucky! You suck! Who taught you to do three-point perspective? I could make a better mural with my butt!
Zoidberg: Father-Man away.
Hermes: Nothing like a cave for a good night's sleep. So what do we have to eat that's not poisoned with pineapple?
Farnsworth: I packed plenty of food, but it's all in dehydrated pill form. [He holds up a bottle that says "Steak Dinner 40 mg. Fixin's 10 mg".]
Leela: Then we need water from that pond. We'll have to fight our way past the Trilobots. Go! Go! Hit anything that moves!
Fry: Whoa.
Bender: Wow.
Amy: A whole forest grew overnight.
Farnsworth: All these trees are robotic. I can't believe how quickly they sprung up.
Bender: I can. Robots do everything faster. Including evolving and believing how quickly things spring up.
Leela: One thing about Bristol-Myers Squibb, they know how to cook a steak.
Fry: Look at me, I'm the Ty-D-Bol man. I own a yacht an everyone poops on me. Help! Police!
Leela: Everybody grab a club.
Fry: Oh, big, tough water guy, why don't you come up here on land and...
Amy: Look out for the next thing!
Farnsworth: Great Scott, a Tricycle-tops!
Fry: Woo-hoo! Throw down dinosaurs of the land and sea. This is a cool way to die!
Cubert: Dr. Zoidberg? I'm sorry for treating you like a total Zoidberg... I mean, loser.
Zoidberg: Go on.
Cubert: It's just that I get bullied a lot. I guess I kinda make fun of people as a defense mechanism.
Brett Blob: Hey, Cubert, is that your family mansion?
Cubert: Why don't you ask your mom? She's coming over for a sex visit.
Zoidberg: Don't worry, I know just how to handle bullies. Just pretend like you're pathetic. Help, I'm scared. I wet myself. I'm crying like a baby and I'm soaking in pee, but what else is new?
Brett: The pee-babies peed themselves. I'm off to pottery class, dorkwads.
Zoidberg: And that's that.
Cubert: Woah! You're like some kind of dumpster Jedi.
Zoidberg: So, you wanna come in maybe? I've got a nice pound cake with a footprint on it.
Fry: Ah! Don't eat my butt!
Leela: If this is anything like killing that pigeon on my balcony, we've got our work cut out for us.
Farnsworth: Look out, a solar flare!
Amy: What the shmell happened?
Farnsworth: A mass extinction. That solar flare created a huge electromagnetic pulse that while harmless to organic life, short-circuited the robo-dinosaurs.
Leela: Convenient.
Farnsworth: Only puny, mammal-like robots cowering in caves could survive such a catastrophe.
Bender: Guys, guys! I taught myself to knit.
Farnsworth: Wait a moment. If we could scavenge the right parts from these robo-dinos, I might be able to construct a rudimentary spaceship to get us off this planet!
Farnsworth: Oh, well, it took almost two hours, but it's finished. Now let's go... to sleep. It's solar powered, so we can't take off until sunrise.
Bender: Well, let's find something comfy to bed down on.
Fry: Hey, looky here.
Hermes: Sweet robot swan of Botswana!
Bender: Looks like the fittest did a little surviving last night, huh?
Farnsworth: Whatever.
Fry: Hey, looky there.
Hermes: Those robo-cavemen have kidnapped our human regular-women!
Fry: We gotta save them! But the only weapon we have is my fan dance.
Farnsworth: Hmm, I believe I can fashion a slingshot using this robot wishbone and this elastic from my pants.
Amy: I think they want wives, so just play along. If it doesn't work out, we'll still get half their rocks.
Leela: I can earn my own rocks! Also, I don't want any rocks!
Farnsworth: Well, it took almost twelve hours, but it's finished.
Hermes: It's too dark now, but first thing tomorrow we'll slingshot them like they've never been slangshat.
Fry: What's going on? How did we save you?
Amy: It was the weirdest thing. We went to sleep, and when we woke up, our cave husbands were gone.
Leela: I'm gonna miss Spencer.
Dr. Widnar: Don't be afraid, little guys. I'm not gonna hurt you.
Fry: Nice net.
Widnar: You... you can speak?
Hermes: Dread my locks! A fully-evolved robot human.
Widnar: I'm Dr. Widnar, a naturalist.
Bender: And I'm Bender, baby. My human slaves and I come from a planet where organic life and robotic life evolved side by side.
Farnsworth: Oh, shut up!
Widnar: Amazing. I've theorized that carbon-based, fat-filled life could exist, but until today, I never had any proof.
Leela: Good for you. Can we go home now?
Widnar: Welcome, museum members, or, as I like to call you, future exhibits. I now present my latest discovery, the amazing non-mechanical man, Homo farnsworth.
Farnsworth: Thank you. I must say, I'm so proud to see what you've blossomed into since I first created your ancestors.
Widnar: What?
Farnsworth: I thought you knew. You all evolved from some filth-gobbling Nanobots I designed. I dumped them in one of your ponds a few days ago.
Widnar: But this is Creationist talk!
Robot Farnsworth: He speaks lies! The Earth was created in eons not days.
Farnsworth: Yes, relative to you, it was eons, but, well, look at this hologram I took the day before yesterday of a robot frolicking with a robo-dinosaur.
Widnar: I don't want to live on this planet anymore!
Robo-Police: You're under arrest for crimes against science.
Farnsworth No! Could you drag me by the restroom?
Robot: Go back to Roboklahoma!
Superior Gort Judge: Order! In the matter of Everyone v. Farnsworth, the alleged creationist faces a sentence of death by melting. Who is representing the accused?
Leela: I am...
Bender: I am, your Honor.
Farnsworth: Bender, what the Hell are you doing?
Bender: Shut up, I'm billing you by the hour! Besides, I'm a robot, they'll listen to me. Ladytrons and gentlebots...
Superior Gort Prosecutor: Objection. In the absence of pants, defense's suspenders serve no purpose.
Superior Gort Judge: I'm going to allow them, for now.
Bender: Thank you. Your Honor, this meat-man does not deny that we robots are the glorious products of evolution. He claim only to have played a small role in supplying the initial machinery. I ask you, is that so crazy? Yes, it's completely crazy, and that is why you must find him not guilty by reason of insanity!
Farnsworth: Objection, I'm not crazy! I created you all and I came here in a homemade spaceship and lived in a cave. If you don't believe me, ask my uncle.
Superior Gort Judge: Prosecutor, your opening statement?
Superior Gort Prosecutor: Yeah, honey. I'll be home by dinner. The prosecution rests, your Honor.
Superior Gort Judge: Very well, we will reconvene when the jury reaches a verdict.
Bender: Son, you in a whole mess of trouble.
Superior Gort Judge: Has the jury reached a verdict?
Robotic gas forms: No, we have not, for we have evolved to a high state of consciousness. In the grand scheme, all physical beings are but yokels. Now, settle your petty squabbles and get the hell out.
Bender: That'll be $10,000.
Banjo: Well, digital photographs don't lie. I admit that what you witnessed may have been some form of evolution.
Farnsworth: I'm glad you agree, Dr. Banjo.
Banjo: Evolution set into motion by a wise and all-knowing Creator. You.
Farnsworth: Well I don't know about all-knowing. And I admit it's possible, however unlikely, that some wise and all-knowing alien monster set evolution in motion here on Earth.
Bender: And the Creator could also be a robot.
Farnsworth: Then who built this so-called Creator-robot?
Banjo: Some magical bearded robot in the sky?
Bender: I guess that would be stupid. Never mind.
Farnsworth: Then it's settled. Finally, a world in which I'm happy to raise my son!
Zoidberg: Good, cause I'm sick of him!
Zoidberg: I'm serious. He's a terrible person.