
Transition Announcer: It's "The Futurama Holiday Spectacular"! Brought to you by...
Transition Announcer: Gunderson's Unshelled Nuts!
Amy: Ah, the Xmas season. Who wants a delicious unshelled nut?
Bender: Ooh, I'll have one!
Amy: Mmm... "It's NUTSO Good!"
Fry: Oh.
Leela: What's wrong, Fry? Are you regretting another wasted year?
Fry: I don't know. Somethin' about Xmas just doesn't feel like Christmas.
Farnsworth: Santa's coming! Initiate defenses!
Robot Santa: God rest ye, merry gentlemen... in peace!
Fry: Can someone please explain how you celebrate this crazy holiday? Preferably in song?
Robot Santa: It's the violentest season of the year.
Elf: Old Kringle-bot has come to spread some mugs of Xmas fear.
Robot Santa: Sugar-plummy visions will be dancing in your head
When I cane you from the comfort of my sled.
Leela: On Xmas Eve, we don our gay apparel,
Kevlar vests, asbestos stockings and a barrel.
Farnsworth: And if Grandma's Xmas fruitcake finally reaches critical mass,
It can be regifted straight to Santa's ass.
Robot Santa: But the ornamental armaments are merely superficial,
The tinsel and the trappings are just icing on the missile.
The one thing that you need to make your Xmas day splendiferous
Is a pine tree; a pine tree that's coniferous.
Planet Express crew : We have to have a pine tree as coniferous.
Robot Santa: You're welcome.
Fry: You know, Santa may have killed Scruffy, but he makes a good point. What we need is an old-fashioned pine tree.
Farnsworth: Cram it, Virginia! Pine trees have been extinct for over eight hundred years.
Leela: Professor, maybe there's some way to bring the pine trees back to life, like we did with the barking snakes.
Farnsworth: Pine trees aren't barking snakes. They won't just turn up in a salad at Olive Garden. But there is one hope, and, as usual, it's Norwegian!
Farnsworth: Behold! The Svalbard Global Seed Vault! Since 2008, the vault has preserved seeds of every known plant species in case of extinction.
Hermes: And I brought a few seeds of my own.
Norwegian seed guard: Halt! Wh-what's your business poky-pokin' about da seed vault, eh, guardian of mankind's precious botanical heritage dere?
Farnsworth: We just wanna come in and rummage about a bit.
Norwegian seed guard: Oh. So... okay.
Bender: Yo, ABBA, what's that next door?
Norwegian seed guard: Oh, dat's da germ warfare repository.
Leela: It's so close! Is there any chance of cross-contamination?
Norwegian seed guard: No.
Norwegian seed guard: Now, your pine trees were all chopped down to make imirgincee toilet paper durin' th' fifty-year squirts. Lucky da seeds have bin preserved here in da vault der.
Amy: What's that splork on them? It's not germs, is it?
Norwegian seed guard: No.
Fry: Now that's a tree worth chopping down.
Tinny Tim: Indeed. 'Tis a loverly tree. 'Twould truly be my finest Xmas eve-
Nixon: Araroo!
Nixon: That's what my poll numbers need: Happy voters enjoying some holiday cheer.
Cheney: As your Vice President, I order you to steal that tree.
Nixon: My fellow Earthicans, welcome to the Annual White House Xmas Tree Lighting, brought to you by Gunderson's Nuts!
Amy: Oh, no! Could the seed have been contaminated by a virus from the germ vault?
Norwegian seed guard: Oh, yeh, I suppose.
Leela: Wait, this could be a good thing. That weaponized virus made the sickly little tree grow big and strong.
Leela: Wait, this could be a good thing. Reforestation has begun.
Bender: Aw, jeez with this, hey?
Leela: Arguably, this could be a good thing. The planet has returned to its primeval state.
Fry: Earth is just the way it was before the white man came!
Farnsworth: Good news! All these pine trees are fighting global warming by producing oxygen. Happy now, Gore?
Gore: Yeah, but I'd be happier if I had a set of lungs.
Farnsworth: Wait a second! Oxygen levels are rising too rapidly! 10%... 20% ...60%!
Gore: As long as it doesn't hit 70!
Farnsworth: 80%!
Bender: Y'know, I don't recall having done anything for a while. But I still feel like I deserve a smoke. Hey, cool, the air's on fire.
Robot Santa: Ho ho ho! Everyone's dead! Stay tuned for another tale of holiday hilarity!
Transition Announcer: Now, back to...
Transition Announcer: ...the Gunderson's Nuts Holiday Spectacular featuring Futurama!
Farnsworth: Okay, crew. Xmas break is over. It's time to destroy these gifts we forgot to deliver.
Bender: Woah, woah, woah! How come we get off for every dumb human holiday but not for robot holidays?
Leela: Oh, Lord, not Robanukah.
Bender: I'm talkin' about Robanukah, the holiest six and a half weeks in the robot calendar!
Amy: Pfft! That's just a fake holiday you make up every year to get out of work.
Fry: Yeah, if it's real, how come there's no song that explains how you celebrate it?
Bender: Because there is! Hit it!
Farnsworth: Hit what?
Bender: I've placed instruments under your seats. Play 'em or I'll break 'em over your heads!
Bender: Robanukah may sound as if it's Jewish,
But its ancient sounding customs are exceptionally newish.
So take a hearty swallow from your robo-kiddish cup,
Which will give me time to quickly make them up.
Hermes: Do you spin a dreidel made from clay?
Bender: Mine is called a droidel and it's rigged to make you pay.
Amy: Do you eat these dummy tin-wrapped chocolate coins?
Bender: Better! We got fembots with illegal five-speed groins! Shalom, Ruth and Esther!
Ruth: Why with the music so loud?
Esther: Would it kill him to turn up the heat a little in here?
Bender: But by far the most important thing is oil.
Leela: To keep the lamp light burning or to help the latkes broil?
Bender: No, we pour the holy lubricant out from the sacred vessel
Into this blessed pit so they can wrestle.
Planet Express crew: The extra made-up touch that makes Robanukah so special
Is the oil in which the nasty fembots wrestle.
Bender: We shall now begin the traditional oil wrestling. Will the referee bring out the ceremonial crudes of petroleum oil? Thank you, Abraham.
Ruth: Not in the hair, please. I just had it did.
Bender: Aw, no! These broads are s'posed to wrestle for six and a half weeks! But there's only enough petroleum oil for four and a half weeks!
Esther: We're still gettin' paid, right?
Bender: I told you it's an audition!
Leela: Bender, four and a half weeks of oil wrestling sounds like plenty.
Bender: This isn't a lousy reform Robanukah! We need more petroleum oil!
Hoschel: I got me some whale oil, some squirrel oil
Bender: Not kosher! It has to be petroleum oil! Do you not give a damn about the hallowed traditions of Robanukah?!
Hoschel: I reckon I do not. Anyways, Earth done run out of petroleum oil.
Gore: I tried to warn you. One unit of free limitless solar power please.
Hoschel: That'll be... I dunno... ten bucks?
Gore: Um, can you make change for a Nobel Prize?
Bender: Aw, man! Can't we just make more petroleum oil?
Farnsworth: I'm afraid not, son. Petroleum only forms when organic matter is subjected to intense pressure for hundreds of millions of years.
Fry: I can't wait that long! I've got ADD!
Bender: This is so unfair!
Ruth: I don't wrestle dry, Bender. I went to Vassar.
Bender: Professor, I want you to look these poor floozies in the eye and tell them their oil wrestling days are over.
Farnsworth: I suppose there could be a minute quantity of petroleum left. But it would be insanely deep within the Earth, at pressures so dangerously high that
Bender: Let's go already!
Leela: Setting Bachman turners to overdrive.
Hermes: We're getting pretty deep. Look! Mole coffins!
Amy : Oh, no! We tunneled into a tunnel!
Zoidberg: What's that loud, boring sound you'll hear when I stop talking? [A loud, boring sound is heard. Leela adjusts the mirror so that she can see an huge, albino worm-looking thing.]
Farnsworth: It's an albino humping worm!
Fry: Why do they call it that? [The ship rocks back and forth; parts of the worm are seen outside the window.]
Farnsworth: Because it doesn't have any pigment.
Farnsworth: What's our depth, Captain?
Leela: Forty kilometers. Fifty!
Bender: There must be petroleum oil down here somewhere. Go deeper! Deeper!
Farnsworth: No, Bender! The ship can't withstand this much pressure! Sometimes it falls apart just sitting in the hangar!
Bender: Professor, I've never asked for anything before, but seeing those fembots glistening with oil means more to me than life itself.
Farnsworth: Oh, call me an old fool, but I believe the Lord is speaking through you. Brace yourselves, everyone!

Leela: One hundred kilometers! Two hundred!
Amy: I hate to complain about the heat, but the air conditioner is on fire!
Hermes: My ice cream manwich!
Leela: What the hell are we doing? We're all gonna die so this "junkyard Golem" can celebrate Robanukah.
Bender: You vile racist! Haven't my people suffered enough? Now keep drilling for that petroleum oil, you selfish cowards! Although, then again, I guess any kind of oil would be just as-
Everybody else: Aah!
Bender: Not my fault.
Bender: I am so great! Bender is great! Bender, Bender, Bender-- [Takes out the watch from "The Prisoner of Benda".] Man, where'd the time go? Hey, you guys wanna Oh. Right. They turned into petroleum oil! I thought they were selfish, yet in the end it turned out it was I who thought they were selfish!
Bender: Doo, doo-doo-doo, doo, doo-doo, doo, doo, doo-Doo, DOO!
Bender: Hey, ladies, I found some... What the? There was only enough petroleum for four and a half weeks of oil wrestling. But it lasted 500 million years! It's a miracle!
Bender: Happy Robanukah, everyone! Coming up next, more thoughtful, interfaith hijinx!
Transition Announcer: And now, the unrelated conclusion.
Leela: LaBarbara, Hermes, happy Kwanzaa. We brought a chocolate cake. But now I'm worried that might be offensive in some way.
LaBarbara: Just sit down.
Bubblegum: Happy Kwanzaa, brother men and sister men.
Hermes: Well, look at the cat the cat dragged in.
Bubblegum: Kwanzaa tradition encourages educational gifts. So I brought Dwight my book on Mathketball.
Dwight: Woah! Let me see that.
Bubblegum: I'll sign it for you later.
Barbados: Mon, it's a cold one out there.
Hermes: Barbados Slim?
LaBarbara: Come in, Barbados. Look at yourself, all throbbing and shirtless for the holiday. I hope you're ready to celebrate.
Barbados: All night long, woman.
Hermes: I'm glad you all could be here with my family. Kwanzaa traditions are quite ancient, dating back over 1,000 years.
Fry: Woah!
Zoidberg: If only someone could tell us more about these traditions.
Kwanzaa-bot: Oh, yeah!
Dwight: Hey, Kool-Aid's here.
LaBarbara: No, child. That's not a made-up character. It's Kwanzaa-bot.
Kwanzaa-bot: And I'm gonna tell you all how we celebrate Kwanzaa. Zoidberg, lay down a beat.
Zoidberg: How about I just lay down?
Kwanzaa-bot: The seven basic principles that go to make up Kwanzaa!
So sit yo' asses down and have some knowledge dropped upons ya!
LaBarbara: Kujichagulia...
Barbados and Bubblegum: And umoja...
Hermes: And the rest.
Planet Express crew: Now we get it!
Kwanzaa-bot: Sit back down! There's gonna be a test.
My favorite's ujamaa.
Bubblegum: Cooperative economics.
Kwanzaa-bot: Yo, boondocks, I'm talkin' here! Put away the comics!
Ku'umba is another one, it stands for creativity.
Barbados: Like the ever-changing nature of my sexual proclivities.
Kwanzaa-bot: I think there's one called "nia," but I don't speak Swahili,
Sumthin' 'bout a pine tree and a oil-wrestlin' dealy?
Farnsworth: That's from Xmas and Robanakuh, you plagiarizing lout!
Kwanzaa-bot: Yeah, I'm kinda losin' interest here. I'd best be rollin' out.
But before I go, the most important thing...
Dwight: What's that, Black Santa?
Kwanzaa-bot: You need seven Kwanzaa candles that you light up every night.
But they best be made of beeswax or y'all might as well be white.
Planet Express crew: They must be made of beeswax or we might as well be white.
LaBarbara: Well, we got no beeswax candles, but these scented regular wax candles will do just fine.
Kwanzaa-bot: Girl, those stink sticks are for single women who take baths. If your Kwanzaa candles ain't 100% beeswax, you bring shame on your people.
LaBarbara: Well, now that won't do. Husband, show a little ku'umba and fetch some beeswax before Kwanzaa ends.
Hermes: Sweet candelabra of La Habra, LaBarbara! Isn't this the last night of Kwanzaa?
Kwanzaa-bot: Who the hell knows?
Hermes: Finally, a bee farm that's open late on Kwanzaa. Madam, I need beeswax.
Petunia: You sure you don't need a little honey, handsome? Maybe a taste of sweet nectar straight from the hive?
Hermes: I just need some beeswax to make Kwanzaa candles.
Petunia: Well, that's too darn bad. There ain't no beeswax in the whole world.
Amy: Oh, no! This could be the year without a Kwanzaa, like every year before 1966.
Petunia: The bees are acting all crazy: like they've been drinking Tang and cough syrup, or as I call it, my Friday night.
Farnsworth: My God! It's Colony Collapse Syndrome. The bees are swarming with parasites. They're all dying.
Petunia: Yeah, but what a way to go. "Die young and leave a pretty corpse," that's what I say.
Bender: You should say someth'n' else.
Fry: Wait. I know where we can get beeswax. From those giant space bees that nearly killed us, and we swore we'd never go back there.
Farnsworth: Let's go back there!
Farnsworth: To communicate with the bees, we'll need to use these trans-bumbalators. Bender, say something in bee talk.
Leela: I'm sorry, Bender. What do you want me to put on the glass? Okay, if we survive.
Amy: Something's wrong. It's way too quiet.
Fry: Like the deadly Prius.
Farnsworth: Ah, here they come.
Leela: They're in attack formation. They're going to kill us! That was weird. It's like the Jgermeister air show all over again.
Hermes: According to Google Hive, we're at the exact center of the honeycomb. Oh! And there's a Jamba Juice point 2 miles that way.
Bender: Does that thing tell you where the Queen Bee is? The big, fat, ugly, compound-eyed, hairy-thoraxed...
Queen: Don't be applying your Eurocentric standards of beauty to me, fool.
Hermes: What's with the kamikaz-bees?
Queen: Man, my hive's been going buck-wild since these blood-ganking butt crabs moved in.
Zoidberg: Been there, done that.
Farnsworth: They're all infected, just like the bees on Earth.
Queen: Brother-sucking parasites gone and disrupted our hivemind. Now, instead of working in harmony, my bees just talk smack to each other.
Bee #1: Are you all black with yellow stripes or yellow with black stripes?
Bee #2: Yellow with black stripes, man.
Bee #1: Why don't you just move along?
Bee #3: Let me ask you something, you sting my wife?
Bee #4: What kind of buzzing question is that? Where do you get the wings big enough to ask me that?
Leela: Okay, gang. We have plenty of beeswax. Let's get back to the ship.
Hermes: No, we're not going anywhere. I can't abide all this bee-on-bee conflict. It's time to African-Americanize these honeybees. Listen up, bees. It's Kwanzaa, a time of Umoja.
Amy: It means unity.
Hermes: You have to learn to work together again.
Queen: The crazy tablecloth-man is right. It's time to set aside our differences.
Bee #1: Black stripe, yellow stripe. At the end o' day, we're just a couple of darn talking space bees.
Bee #3: Hey, forget about it. Come here and give me a sting.
Farnsworth: Look, the spirit of Kwanzaa is killing the parasites.
Fry: Yuck, but yay!
Queen: Thank you, my human brother. Your message of unity has touched our souls. We are once again of a single hive-mind.
Kwanzaa-bot: Oh, yeah.
Zoidberg: Hurray! Kwanzaa-bot's here to save Aw, they killed him.
Hermes: Joyous Kwanzaa, everybody.
Gore: Don't worry, the Futurama crew will be back next year, with all-new episodes featuring Bender, Leela and me, Al Gore, as Captain Lance Starman. And from all of us here at Gunderson's Nuts, happy holidays.