
Leela: Where's the Professor?
Bender: Eh, probably dead. Already dissolving in a bathtub if we're lucky.
Professor Farnsworth: I was out on the widow's walk keeping a hopeless vigil for the return of my first delivery crew. It's been fifty years since they disappeared.
Fry: Huh. I knew you had other crews, but you never told us you had a first crew.
Professor Farnsworth: I remember it like it was interesting.
Professor Farnsworth: I had just built my new shipping and receiving emporium.
Professor Farnsworth: And I scoured the hardware-store parking lot to assemble the finest crew imaginable.
Professor Farnsworth: There was Candy, the raunchy by-the-books navigator... Lifter, the devastatingly handsome forklift... And Captain Lando Tucker, a dedicated young man with no characteristics.
Lando Tucker: We'll deliver that package or die trying.
Zoidberg: Eh! It's all my favourite patients. And also Captain Tucker. Pow!
Candy: Whoa!
Lando Tucker: You totally got me, Dr. John. You're hilarious.
Hermes: Zoidberg was popular?!
Amy: Zoidberg had hair?!
Professor Farnsworth: I never said he had hair! If you chose to imagine 'im that way, that's your business. Anyway...
Professor Farnsworth: The time came for our first delivery.
Young woman: Lando, don't forget about me and Junior.
Lando Tucker: I won't, honey. Or die trying.
Professor Farnsworth: Well, crew, this is it. That cookie bouquet isn't going to deliver itself.
Professor Farnsworth: Ten...
Professor Farnsworth: Nine and so on. Three... Two... One.
Scientist: Go, you big metal bird! Get up there!
Hermes: Incredible! Zoidberg had friends?!
Zoidberg: It was a different time.
Professor Farnsworth: Everything was going smoothly until right after that part I was just telling you about. Suddenly, Amanda's aunt called to say her niece hadn't received her cookie bouquet.
Professor Farnsworth: I watched the skies for weeks. With only occasional breaks to tender my grief diarrhea.
Professor Farnsworth: Just when all hope was lost...
Professor Farnsworth: The ship's escape pod! What happened up there, Johnny?
Zoidberg: Aw! Don't make me remember! So horrible, it was.
Amy: I thought you said he didn't have hair.
Professor Farnsworth: Yes, but something he saw on that mission traumatised 'im so severely, he grew hair! Just so it could turn white! Sadly, my brave crew was gone forever.
Leela: That poor, incompetent crew. What do you think happened, Professor?
Professor Farnsworth: They were lost in the Bermuda Tetrahedron!
Leela: That's ridiculous. The Bermuda Tetrahedron is just a myth.
Professor Farnsworth: I'm glad you're so brave in the face of the unknown, Leela. Because, for your next mission, you'll be flying directly through... The Bermuda Tetrahedron!
Leela: Or we could fly around it.
Professor Farnsworth: Of course you could! You'd be stupid not to.
Bender: Supposing we're not stupid, what kinda stupid mission is this?!
Professor Farnsworth: You'll be picking up a monument commemorating my lost crew. To be unveiled Tuesday at their memorial ceremony. All the grieving families will be there. Plus, a popsicle cart!
Leela: You can count on us, Professor. We'll get that monument here in time.
Bender: Hooray!
Amy: Woohoo!
Bender: Yeah!
Leela: Or die trying.
Zoidberg: We're gonna try What?
Green Alien: 'Ere you go. "In memory of the 1st Planet Express ship and it's crew".
Leela: Hang on. It's shouldn't have an apostrophe. This means and it is crew. What the hell's wrong with you?!
Green Alien: It's a minor error, lady. I mean, we're space Aliens. It's a miracle we can even speak English.
Leela: The miracle is that I'm not kickin' your ass! I insist you recarve the entire statue correctly.
Green Alien: Okay. Okay. Hey, Charlie! Hack off another block of ivory!
Amy: Well, the statue's perfect now.
Amy: Too bad we won't make it back in time for the memorial service.
Leela: We'll make it. Or die trying.
Fry: Whoa!
Leela: We're cutting through the Bermuda Tetrahedron.
Bender: Woo! Wait. The Bermuda Tetrahedron?
Zoidberg: Aw... I think I'm remembering that thing I forgot.
Amy: Uh-oh. The dials are terrified!
Leela: Brace yourselves. It's Tickle Me Elmo's fire!
Bender: Ow.
Leela: There. See? It was no big thing.
Hermes: What was that big thing?
Fry: It's a spaceship graveyard. Why did we have to come 'ere at night?
Hermes: Look at all these famous lost ships. There's the Garmin. And the TomTom.
Leela: Over there! It's the original Planet Express ship!
Amy: What caused all that damage?
Amy: Could it've been flavour-blasted?
Leela: We'd better investigate. Looks like an Ion Storm, though. Everyone suit up!
Leela: Whatever happened here, that first crew left in a hurry. The table is still set from McDonald's value dinner!
Zoidberg: I remember. I remember! This is what traumatised me. Such a meal to got to waste! And, with that... I have closure.
Amy: Hey, Zoidberg. You're cockatieling.
Zoidberg: Oh, no. Something's happening! What's happening?!
Zoidberg: Oh, right! And there was a giant killer space whale.
Bender: Holy crap! It's a giant space fish!
Leela: Actually, the space whale isn't a space fish. It's a space mammal.
Bender: Wow, interesting. I'm both impressed and being eaten.
Hermes: Spacewalk, people! Spacewalk for your lives!
Fry: Man, look at 'im go! Like a millionaire on a cocktail wiener.
Zoidberg: Woob.
Leela: I did it! I outran 'im!
Zoidberg: Relax, friends.
Zoidberg: Panic, jerks!
Hermes: That's no ordinary space whale! It's a four-dimensional space whale!
Amy: Of course! And it only breaches into our 3-D universe to hunt and fill its lungs with vacuum!
Leela: Whatever its beef is, our one mission now is to get that monument to Earth.
Leela: Correction: Our one mission now is to avenge the loss of that monument.
Amy: Shmeesh! He gonked off the engines!
Leela: That won't stop me! Raise the solar sails. I'm goin' after that "Mbius Dick".
Hermes: You been hittin' the Red Stripe, woman!
Leela: Comport yourself, Mr. Conrad! When we're at space, the Captain's word is law. I could marry you and Bender against your will if I wanted to.
Hermes: You wouldn't dare!
Bender: I've been married to worse.
Fry: Leela, I'm no doctor, but I'm afraid you be exhibiting symptoms of illin'. You're risking all our lives for your own personal obsession.
Leela: There's nothing personal about this! That thing screwed up my delivery! This time, it's business!
Leela: Maybe, if I move the compass like this, it will somehow kill the whale.
Amy: Leela, we need to talk. You've gone from crazy like a fox to crazy like Fox News!
Leela: Fear not the space behemoth. In my dreams, I've peered beyond its eyes and into the cackling hell within us all.
Fry: Okay... That's a good point.
Bender: Fry's right! Let's kill the Captain and order some strippers! Yeah, what he said. It's a mutiny led by Fry!
Leela: That's enough insubordination, Mr. Fry!
Bender: String 'im up!
Bender: Things look bad enough without having to look closer at them. Look! Off in the distance! It's exhaling!
Leela: Use boaty talk!
Bender: Thare she blows!
Leela: Alright. Which of you space dogs has the guts and know-how to harpoon that whale?
Amy: I spent a semester in Africa harpooning giraffes. And giraffes are basically just land space whales.
Leela: Miss Wong, you have the 'poon.
Amy: Oh, God! I'm having a Serengeti flashback! Die, you dirty giraffe!
Amy: Well, I got it. Now what, Captain?
Leela: You know, I'm not sure. I guess I thought whales died when you harpooned them.
Leela: Don't worry.
Leela: I'll drop the anchor.
Zoidberg: Ouch.
Hermes: She's diving into the fourth dimension!
Amy: We have to cut the rope!
Leela: Negative, Sailor Moon. We're goin' for a sleigh ride.
Hermes: I can see sideways in time.
Amy: Gee, I see CGI. IGC ees I, eej.
Fry: Poop! Poop!
Bender: Aw, yeah. Bender! Bender! Bender!
Bender: Aw. That was the greatest uncountably infinite bunch of guys I ever met.
Amy: Look out! It's pulling us through a field of spacebergs!
Bender: Stupid rocks! Think they're so great!
Amy: Well, they are giant diamonds.
Bender: What?!
Bender: Come to papa!
Fry: A lotta Bender fell outta the crow's nest! We need to cut the line!
Leela: Enough of your mad obsession with Bender, Fry! We've got to murder that whale or die trying.
Hermes: This has gone too far! Bender's one of Planet Express' most expensive appliances! And he's in trouble!
Leela: That's it! I warned you. Fry, Zoidberg, I now pronounce you man and
Zoidberg: Aw! So close.
Leela: Unsit me, Mr. Conrad. We can't let the whale win! Hi-yah! You're all too weak! I can see that now. So I'll have to be my own crew! Understood? You've gone mad, Captain. That's enough outta me! Now come on! I gotta find that whale. I found 'im! With my Oxo Good Grips Cheese knife, I stab at thee. You do know I'm stabbing at thee, right?
Zoidberg: Hello.
Professor Farnsworth: Think, Zoidberg. You must remember something!
Zoidberg: No! Nothing! For all I know, our friends could've been eaten by some kind of crazy space whale!
Professor Farnsworth: Damn that Bermuda Tetrahedron! It's taken my latest crew just as it took my first one!
Zoidberg: Not to mention those single socks from the dryer. Am I right?
Professor Farnsworth: Shut up, Zoidberg! Oh, Zoidberg! The grieving relatives will be gathered here tomorrow in need of comfort. And, with no stone monument, they may well demand that I refund their admission fees.
Leela: Where are we?
Hermes: In the belly of the beast.
Fry: Like that Bible guy who got swallowed by the whale! Pinocchio!
Amy: This is all Obsessy Bessy's fault!
Bender: Right on, sister. We should be back at Planet Express right now. Hiding from work in the ceiling. But no!
Leela: For the last time, I'm not obsessed. I just want this whale to die, die, die!
Hermes: Uh-oh. What's that loud digesting sound?
Fry: Holy crap! Four-dimensional bowels!
Amy: Einstein was right.
Leela: Why?! Why?! Also, what and how?!
Male voice: The great fish has chosen you for a higher purpose.
Leela: It's a great mammal! See? It's got whiskers! And I saw it lactating earlier. Wait. Who said that?
Deformed man: I was once Lando Tucker, captain of the first Planet Express ship.
Leela: Ew! I'm Turanga Leela, captain of the current Planet Express ship. What's going on?
Lando Tucker: It's very simple. Well, actually, it's very complicated. Luckily, I'm here to explain it. You see... This space whale feeds on... Obsession!
Leela: Wow. Are you gross-looking. Go on.
Lando Tucker: The great space serpent
Leela: Mammal.
Lando Tucker: Figured out long ago that no one's more obsessed than space captains.
Leela: Oh! What are these things?! Get away!
Lando Tucker: The whale's nearly sucked me dry. It'll need a new source of obsession once I'm gone.
Leela: How many times do I have to tell other people? I'm not obsessed!
Lando Tucker: The whale is obsession, Leela! And you are the whale!
Leela: I am not the whale! All I wanted was to complete my delivery. Is that too much to ask? One chicken-pickin' delivery? This whale's gonna pay! It can't escape what it already is. Me! I am the whale! See?
Old lady: Fifty years, Junior! Fifty years of grippling sorrow!
Paper-hatted salesman: Popsicles here. Can't mourn the dead without a popsicle.
Leo: You think a popsicle gonna bring my daughter back?!
Paper-hatted salesman: No, sir.
Leo: You just talked yourself out of a sale.
Inez: Poor Amy! My days of joy and luck are over! Guess I gotta quit that club.
Morris: I can't believe our Leela's gone!
Munda: You always think you're gonna disappear in space before your children.
Professor Farnsworth: Welcome, everyone. What a pleasure to see so many miserable faces.
Zoidberg: Mmm! Lemony!
Professor Farnsworth: I had intended to unveil a beautiful stone memorial today. But, due to the recent tragedy, I humbly ask you to join me in a simple prayer.
Munda, Morris, Inez, Leo, Dwight, and LaBarbara: Boo!
Professor Farnsworth: No refunds! Shut up and bow your heads! Oh, mighty Isis
Zoidberg: Oh, no! My deal is doing the thing!
Professor Farnsworth: Good Lord! It's some kind of inter-dimensional space whale!
Zoidberg: I just remembered. That's the guy! Oy! Now with the horror hair.
Paper-hatted salesman: Popsicles! Fill your gapin' mouth with a popsicle!
Munda: Leela! You're alive! Is that how you and your friends are dressing now?!
Leela: Hello, everyone. I suppose you're wonderin' why my flesh has melded with that of a giant space whale.
Professor Farnsworth: I'll admit to a polite interest.
Leela: At first, I was consumed by a dark obsession to kill the whale. Then I was consumed by the whale.
Zoidberg: That sounds clever, but it doesn't explain much.
Leela: Shut up, Zoidberg!
Zoidberg: Okay.
Leela: You see, beneath my obsession lay an even deeper obsession. An obsession so strong, it allowed me to overpower the beast's will and pilot it through space and time. An obsession... With completing my delivery!
Paper-hatted salesman: Get your
Old lady: Poor Lando... This is just how I want to remember him.
Leela: Too bad! 'Cause he's still alive!
Old lady: Lando?
Lando Tucker: Told you I'd be back. You've grown, Junior.
Old man: I'm sixty-one.
Inez: I dunno him! What else you got?!
Professor Farnsworth: They haven't aged a day! The whale must have some kind of Mbius colon that endlessly recycles time and space!
Scruffy: Yup. That stands up to scrutiny.
Leela: I should've listened to my crew. That space whale wasn't a monster. It was the obsession of me and others like me that made it into a monster.
Lando Tucker: Mainly you.
Leela: On the other hand, the stupid fish did eat us. You guys wanna do this?
Amy: Yeah!
Fry: You know it!
Candy: So, Johnny, are we gonna pick up where we left off?
Zoidberg: Eh!