
Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Remember when you asked to see my family tree?
Leela, Bender, Zoidberg, Hermes, Amy, and Fry: No.
Professor Farnsworth: Ta-da! This is my ancestor Philo Farnsworth, inventor of television and, as a bonus, childhood obesity. And here's Dean Farnsworth, developer of the Farnsworth test for colour blindness. Where is he, blast it?! And, just recently, I learned of a modern-day Farnsworth, who invented the anti-senility truss.
Leela: That's you, Professor.
Professor Farnsworth: Wha?! Ah, yes. The Farnsworths boast a proud and distinguished lineage. No wormy fruit on this tree.
Amy: What about Fry? Isn't he your distant uncle?
Professor Farnsworth: Very distant. Not a true Farnsworth, mind you. He's way over here on this filthy branch riddled with fungus and dung beetles.
Fry: What's with the seventeen dung beetles?
Hermes: Well, it's six o'clock. I guess we'll have to deliver that Human heart tomorrow. Good work, people!
Bender: Woohoo! Time to go clubbin'. Baby seals, here I come.
Fry: Guess I better head over to my night job.
Leela: You have a night job?
Fry: Yup. It's exhausting, but I need the extra money to buy coffee so I can stay awake for my night job.
Leela: But
Fry: Gotta go!
Fry: Woo!
Dr. Cahill: You've got a surprising amount of algae in your beard, Mr. President. Just sit still and let the algae eater do its work.
Abraham Lincoln's head: Ooh! Ow! Ooh! Lay off my trademark mole.
Dr. Cahill: Hi, Lars.
Fry: Fry.
Dr. Cahill: Whatever. I'm heading out to my night job. Remember: No loud noise, no head bowling, and no parties. Or it'll be your ass in a jar!
Fry: I wanna go to that museum!
Bill Clinton's head: Man, this place is a snooze. Hey, Fry, I challenge President Taft 'ere to a pie-eatin' contest.
William Taft's head: You're on, skinny!
Fry: Sorry, guys. You know the rules. "No fun allowed."
Andrew Jackson's head: Come on, you pansy! I'm thirsty. I want me some Tennessee loopy juice!
Warren Harding's head: And I want loose women. The kind that aren't afraid to show a little ankle.
James Madison's head: Or elbow.
Fry: No visitors! I'll lose my job.
Rutherford B. Hayes' head: Oh, boo-hoo! I'll lose my minimum-wage job.
Fry: You're mean, Rutherford B. Hayes!
Franklin D. Roosevelt's head: Listen here, young man! We have nothing to fear but running out of beer.
Fry: Alright. One small get-together. But let's keep it quiet and dignified.
Zoidberg: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Bender: Woohoo! Yeah, alright!
Scruffy, Leela, Hermes, and Bender: Four more beers! Four more beers!
Amy: Yes! Right in the ike!
James Madison's head: Nice elbow action.
Hermes: So... You grow hemp?
Thomas Jefferson's head: Yes.
Hermes: And... You do what with it?
Thomas Jefferson's head: All manner of things. Manufacture paper, fabric, rope...
Hermes: Oh. Well, nice talking to you.
Thomas Jefferson's head: Why, I used to smoke about four feet of rope a day.
Hermes: Let me give you my pager number.
Professor Farnsworth: Hey, Reagan. Remember when you asked to see my family tree?
Ronald Reagan's head: I asked you to leave me alone.
Professor Farnsworth: The Farnsworths are a remarkable
George Washington's head: Farnsworth?! That name is a stain on American history! One of the worst traitors of the Revolution was a Farnsworth!
Professor Farnsworth: You're lying!
Leela: He's George Washington! He tends not to do that!
George Washington's head: David Farnsworth was a notorious British agent and counterfeiter. He conspired to bring down our nation with his fraudulent currency.
Professor Farnsworth: A Farnsworth did this?! Oh, dear! My good name is ruined!
Gerald Ford's head: Hi! I'm Jerry. I like movies.
Bender: Anyone seen Ulysses Grant? He owes me a cheroot.
Leela: He's over there, pukin' in the Bushes.
George H. W. Bush's head and George W. Bush's head: No!
Fry: Oh, boy.
Dr. Cahill: Mr. Fry! Why are all these people standing around? When they should be partying!
Amy, Bender, and Hermes: Alright!
Zoidberg: Hey, hey, LBJ. You wanna get drunk?
Lyndon Johnson's head: Oh, hell, yeah. Whoa!
Professor Farnsworth: Zoidberg, no! The effects of jar juice aren't fully understood!
Zoidberg: Uh... Not bad. A hint of vitalis and
Amy: I recognise this! It's the 1960s! I did a report on it for my drug-taking class.
Blond man: Hi. I'm Andy Warhol and you're some kind of... Marvellous lobster man.
Zoidberg: Right on! Say, you got any real soup or just this schlock?
Andy Warhol: What a horrid bore.
Professor Farnsworth: Ooh.
Amy: Wha?
Zoidberg: Far out! That head gave me a total head trip!
Fry: Really?! I'm gonna lick Herbert Hoover's head!
Zoidberg, Leela, Amy, Hermes, and several heads: Lick the head! Lick the head!
Bender: Whoa! A speakeasy. One prohibited beverage, please.
Bartender: Hey, Dutch. The new still is here.
Bender: I'm not a still! I just smell like one!
Male voice: Dutch Schultz, come out with your bootleg whisky. We're thirsty!
Hermes: What the heck is goin' on?! Jefferson, did you sell me some bad rope?!
Professor Farnsworth: It must have something to do with the jar fluid. Aha! Dr. Cahill, do I detect a trace of opal essence?
Dr. Cahill: Very observant, Professor. To preserve the heads, we use a rare form of powdered crystalline opal. This is the world's entire supply. Yet it's so powerful, it should last a thousand years. It keeps the heads alive, but... We don't know how.
Amy: Why did it give us those hallucinations?
Professor Farnsworth: Because it didn't!
Amy: Uh... Yuh-huh!
Professor Farnsworth: Opal has unusual temporal properties. It preserves each head in a time-stasis bubble. Ergo, licking those heads actually sent us back in time to their original eras. Look!
Zoidberg: Fuh! Schlock and more schlock!
Dutch Schultz: Pssst! Is the coast clear?
Bender: Button your yap, you mug!
Professor Farnsworth: I've discovered a new means of time travel! I'll call it the Farnsworth effect!
George Washington's head: Nice try. But even this discovery won't undo the treachery wrought by your nefarious ancestor David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth: It will if we go back in time and stop him!
Leela: Professor, no! You can't tongue the father of our country!
Fry: Where are we? Also, when are we?
Professor Farnsworth: 68th and Broadway, colonial era. Rush hour.
Professor Farnsworth: By my calculations, this head trip will last, at most, 24 hours. We need to stop that monster, David Farnsworth!
Leela: Look at the date on this newspaper. April 17th, 1775.
Professor Farnsworth: Say, on this exact date, the Continental Congress was meeting secretly in New York. Maybe they can help us.
Bender: But they could be meetin' anywhere! What are we gonna do? Search building to building?
Professor Farnsworth: We'll start with that one.
Thomas Jefferson: Alexander Hamilton of New York, how say you?
Alexander Hamilton: Nay.
Thomas Jefferson: John Hancock and John Adams of Massachusetts?
John Adams: Yay.
John Hancock: Yay.
Thomas Jefferson: The yay's have it. Our nation's official joke state shall be New Jersey. Uh-oh.
John Adams: Ah, 'tis just our new Crockpot.
Bender: Watch it, Wiggy! I ain't no stinking crock!
John Adams: We'll see about that in five hours.
John Hancock: Halt! From whence commeth thou, one-eyed maiden!
Leela: Uh, ever been to Peru?
John Hancock: Certainly not!
Leela: I'm from Peru.
Professor Farnsworth: Clam up, founding fathers! We need help locating the treacherous forger who forged this forgery!
Thomas Jefferson: My word! If these enter circulation, our economy will be destroyed! And with it, our chance at independence!
Alexander Hamilton: Only one man in the colonies has a printing press fine enough to make these. Our good friend, Ben Franklin.
Leela: Uh-oh. Isn't Franklin in Philadelphia?
Thomas Jefferson: When he's not in Charlotte, or Maribel, or Louisa!
Fry: I don't get it.
Professor Farnsworth: I'm sure no one's ever said this before, but I must get to Philadelphia as quickly as possible!
Professor Farnsworth: Oh! Why couldn't my disgraced ancestor have lived in the NASCAR era?!
Woman: Dr. Franklin, your new steam engine is here.
Bender: I ain't no stinkin' steam engine! Chicken's ready.
Benjamin Franklin: You may go, Louisa.
Fry: Now I get it!
Benjamin Franklin: Fascinating. Be you man or machine?
Bender: Mostly machine. Might be a couple dead cats in there.
Professor Farnsworth: Dr. Franklin, with all due respect to the brilliant inventor of the... stove, I must speak with you. I'm looking for the scoundrel who made this!
Benjamin Franklin: Intricate filigree, satanic symbols, looks like one of mine. But no! This is a fake!
Fry: Duh! It says "Colony of Maffachufetts"!
Bender: More like "Taxachufetts"!
Benjamin Franklin: That's just how we print S's, you "tupid hitheads"! Someone must've used my press while I was poking around in Charlotte. Let's ask my apprentice, David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth: Farnsworth?!! That's him! Arm yourselves!
Benjamin Franklin: I call it "the Franklinator".
Benjamin Franklin: The apprentice's suite is empty! He's gone!
Professor Farnsworth: Wait! What's that glistening in the chamber pot?
Bender: Let's find out.
Leela: Bender, do you know what a chamber pot is?
Bender: I don't know and I don't care!
Professor Farnsworth: A Massachusetts hapenny?
Bender: Probably fake, too. There's one way to find out. What?
Fry: Bender bent a poo penny! Bender bent a poo penny!
Benjamin Franklin: Look! 'Tis but worthless tin!
Professor Farnsworth: Where could Farnsworth have minted such a high quality fake?
Benjamin Franklin: Not here. But, you know, I have a friend in Boston who's an expert silversmith. They could be connected. There's only like forty people who do anything around here.
Professor Farnsworth: But Boston's 300 miles away and Bender kicked our horse to death! We'll never get there in time! Unless you have another "invention" up your sleeve! Foh!
Benjamin Franklin: Hmmm...
Bender: How's this going to get us to Boston?
Bender: Stupid Franklin
Paul Revere: Ah, that scrap metal I ordered is here.
Bender: I'm 40% scrap metal.
Paul Revere: Well, Ben Franklin, my fellow Son of Liber Tea kettles, heh. Yes, I've made some new tea kettles. Perfect for special occasions. Like hanging King George in effigy and H and I are monograms you can put on those tea kettles. Whatta you looking at, you British bastards?!?!?!
Benjamin Franklin: Paul, we talked about this.
Professor Farnsworth: Mr. Revere, we're looking for a counterfeiter who minted these smelly hapennies. His name is David Farnsworth.
Paul Revere: Farnsworth? I just hired him for the fall candlestick rush. He's in the foundry this very moment!
Benjamin Franklin: Everybody take a Franklinator.
Fry: Aw, I gotta chipmunk.
Leela: Hee-ya!
Professor Farnsoworth: David Farnsworth, I presume?
David Farnsworth: I'm David Farnsworth.
Professor Farnsworth: Fuff! You're a disgrace to the very name Fowvwuh!
Fry: Look out! He's got a bezeling planisher!
David Farnsworth: 'At's right! 'Oo wonts ta be bezel'd?!
Bender: You idiot, I'm not a cannon!
Bender: Oh, I guess I am a cannon.
Professor Farnsworth: Time to prune the family tree! Huzzah! I've saved the Farnsworth name!
Man: An urgent message for Mr. Revere!
Paul Revere: Mr. Revere, pray, do not 'hit' your pants. The British attack has begun. Cross the river and watch for my signal. I must ride.
Leela: He has so much stuff. He won't miss this.
Professor Farnsworth: Let's burn these counterfeits and paddle the next swan boat the hell out of Boston.
Fry: Here you go.
Professor Farnsworth: Thanks. Say, where did you get that lantern?
Fry: From that old church to the north. They had two burning, so I figured they wouldn't miss one.
Paul Revere: One if by land. Two if by sea. The British are coming! The British are coming! By land! By land! Gotta treat this OCD. Gotta treat this OCD.
Professor Farnsworth: Fry, you dope! You've really screwed the granny this time! History needed that second lantern!
Leela: We better stop Paul Revere before
Leela: I guess everything worked out jolly oll right, eh, guv'nor?
Bender: Wot's with th' fruity accent, ducky? Bollocks! Ah've got it, too!
Fry: Where's all th' Presidents' heads, then?
Professor Farnsworth: Ah say, appears we've changed 'istory too much, disahster of nightmarish proportions an' wotnot. Quite.
Hermes: Where 'ave you blokes been? [cut to a shot of Hermes now wearing a shirt that says "Manchester United"] You nearly missed elevenses.
Amy: Who's for tea and shmavories?
Bender: Wot in bloody 'ell's goin' on aroun' 'ere ah says?
Professor Farnsworth: Indeed. Wot's become of the dear old USA?
Amy: Beg pardon?
Professor Farnsworth: The Revolution? 1776 and wot all?
Hermes: Oh, the Colonial Desktop. Well, there's nuthin' we Brits enjoy more dan a good document'ry. Turn on the televiser, Dr. Zoidsmythe.
Zoidsmythe: I'll dial up the Beeb. They've always got a nice doccy-woccy on.
Narrator: The Vanquished Pride of the Yankees, or America the Dutiful! North America or Wes' Britannia as we now call it, has been under British rule for fourteen-hundred years... all thanks to a nutter known as "Wrong Way Revere".
Animated Revere: The British are coming, by land, by land! Heh heh heh heh!
Narrator: But we came by sea, we did. Surprised the Yanks at Lexington ending the Rebellion with narry a kipper scuffed.
Amy: Scuffed kippers, anyone?
Zoidsmythe: Right kind of you, mum.
Narrator: The humiliated conspirators were forced to sign the Declaration of Dependence, proclaiming British rule forever. Meanwhile, a loyal Brit by the name of David Farnsworth tracked down the traitor George Washington and bravely smothered him with his wig.
Professor Farnsworth: Oh, criminy!
Narrator: In gratitude, King George named Farnsworth a duke and granted his family massive land holdings in the colonies.
Professor Farnsworth: Blimey. I've never felt so ashamed to be a Farnsworth.
Scruffy: Will m'lord be returning to his massive land holdings for luncheon?
Professor Farnsworth: Huh-woh?
Leela: I know we're ladies-in-waiting but what are we waiting for?
Professor Farnsworth: How should I know? Just shut up and wait!
Bender: Say, how is it that we've got socialized medicine bot me teeth still loo' like this?
Fry: Con't we just go back in time an' set things roight again?
Professor Farnsworth: Don't want to. Rather nice living under the crown and so forth.
Zoidsmythe: Rather.
Professor Farnsworth: Wot's more, couldn't go back even if we wonted to. No more crystalline opal left in all the world, don't you know.
Scruffy: M'lord, the Queen is here for 'er, eh, weekly, irrrrr, visit.
Professor Farnsworth: The Queen? Sounds most satisfactory. All of you out!
Bender: Right, then. Let's go play some quoits...wotever that is.
Squire: Presenting the Queen of England, America, and two parking spaces in Tokyo.
Queen: Where's me consort at?
Professor Farnsworth: C-C-Consort?
Queen: That's right, luv. Fer cent'ries, a Farnsworth gentleman 'as provided service to the Queen. Now close yer eyes an' think of England!
Professor Farnsworth: Ah say, what's that in your crown?
Queen: You mean Andamooka Opal? Why, it's th' most precious gem in all th'
Bender: Yes! Three rubbers on the hob!
Queen: Stop him! He crowned me in th' knickers an' nicked me crown!
Smitty: Freeze or we'll be forced to continue chasing you since we don't carry guns!
URL: Indubitably.
Leela: We've got to go back in toime an' set things straight! 'Urry up an' lick Washin'ton's 'ead again!
Bender: We can't! There's no George Washington nor any other Presidents.
Fry: Wot about this bloke? 'e's from Revolutionary times.
Professor Farnsworth: Farnsworth!
David Farsnworth's head: Hey! Yer the plaunkers wot candlesticked me! Well, ah showed you! Ah killed George Washin'ton an' now I'm married to one of the Spice Girls! Don't rightly know which one.
Professor Farnsworth: Bender, fetch me that powdered opal!
Professor Farnsworth: It's time to restore dignity to the Farnsworth name!
Fry: There. That time, I left both lanterns in place.
Professor Farnsworth: And I hit Farnsworth much, much harder. Eh, perhaps too hard.
Leela: Look! All the Presidents are back! Even John Tyler!
John Tyler's head: That's the first time anyone's spoken to me in twelve-hundred years.
Professor Farnsworth: Yes, from Chester A. Arthur to Chester Z. Arthur, they're all here. Our republic and the Farnsworth family name are saved. And no one will ever know.