Farnsworth: Planet Express crew, report to headquarters immediately! Repeat: what I just said, immediately!!
Amy: Sorry, Randy. Step away from the car and no one gets hurt!
Zoidberg: To the employment cave!
Hermes: Thanks, dear. Off to work.
Scruffy: Hyah! Hyah!
Scruffy: Ho! Hold it, girl! G'on now. Gid on back ta Paraguay.
Fry: We're bein' eaten by a giant spider!
Leela: There's no time for that! The Professor needs us!
Farnsworth: Ih, crew, as you know, I've delivered a lot of good news in the past. But what I'm about to lay down is, by far, the greatest announcement in the history of Planet Express!
Fry: What is it? I'm on the edge of my butt!
Farnsworth: Ladies and gentlemen, feast your eyes on our amazing new... soda machine!
Zoidberg: You undersold it, Professor!
Fry: Look, it has Slurm Loco! It's the extremeiest!
Soda Machine: Hey, what can I get y'all?
Fry: Wow! You can talk? Shut up and give me a Slurm Loco!
Bender: Ooh ooh! Hey, drink machine, what kind of alcoholic sodas you got?
Soda Machine: Y'all can't drink at work! This ain't a saw mill!
Bender: No alcohol?! Pfft, an' you got the nerve to call yourself a beverage machine?!
Soda machine: I call myself "Bev". An' if you're lookin' for a smelly ol' can o' booze, go look in the mirror!
Fry: Oh, snap!
Bender: Wooooh
Hermes: No, now, everybody, calm down.
Fry: Yeah, I need one more Slurm. And one more to wash that Slurm taste outta my mouth.
Fry: So I went to the bathroom an' my pee was green. Pretty neat, huh?
Hermes: I was wondering who Shrek'd in the toilet.
Bender: I hope you're proud o' yourself, Bev! You've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict!
Bev: Cut me some slack, preacher! I'm just a cold grinder's daughter tryin' ta stay off the pole.
Bender: With that big ol' caboose, it'd hafta be a telephone pole! Hey-Yo!
Bev: Well, I guess a fella's gotta talk big when he's sportin' a little shriveled-up antenna like that.
Bender: What?! YouihFor your information, "madam", it's a grower, not a show-er!
Bender: My antenna's fine! It's just fine! Ladies can't get enough Bender!
Esther: I need to loosen up. Gimme a screwdriver.
Bender: Helloooooo! Who's your half-dumb friend?
Ruth and Esther: Me.
Bender: Sure, why not?
Esther: Hang on. It's too bright in here. Call me old-fashioned, but I like a little romance in an orgy.
Ruth: Let's switch off this weird light.
Fry: Yow!
Bender: Fry, it's two a.m.! What're ya doin' here glowin' on my skanks?
Fry: Just sittin' here turnin' quarters into urine.
Ruth: We don't gotta put up with this! We got polyside degrees.
Bender: Woah woah woah! Hang on! I'll just politely escort him in the gutter!
Bender: Scram, shiny!
Bender: All right! How we feelin'?
Ruth: Hot. I could bake a potato in my cleavage.
Esther: Yeah, I need a seltzer.
Bender: I'd be honored to purchase you some refreshment. Uh, hey, drink machine, ya got anything classy for these delicate flowers?
Bev: I ain't makin' drinks for no trashy robosluts!
Esther: Trashy? At least I don't put out for quarters!
Esther: Hey!
Bender: Hey! Stop that...drink machine! Stop it, I say!
Esther: That's it! We're outta here!
Ruth: C'mon. We'll split a blintz.
Bender: Wait! Gimme a chance to defend your honor. And then sell it to you on the couch!
Bender: All right. I've been waitin' all day for an excuse to hit a lady!
Bev: You try it and I'll bash yo' face in!
Bender: Ooh! I'm so scared...no-arms!
Bev: Want some of this?
Bender: Interesting!
Leela: Uh, Fry, you're glowing like the Human Torch on prom night.
Amy: Shouldn't you be standing on a rocky coast somewhere preventing shipwrecks?
Fry: Nice! Hate me because of the brightness of my skin!
Fry: You okay, ma'am? I think your soda water broke.
Fry: My God! Bev just had a baby in my cup!
Fry: I know, right?
Leela: I better take that. Aw, he's so cute. Wait, no he isn't.
Leela : He looks like Bender!
Bender: Oh, no no no! No way am I that kid's dad!
Baby: Wipe my tiny metal ass!
Bender: Ah, crap.
Baby: Mama, thirsty!
Bev: Hang on, dumplin'. My milk's comin' in.
Zoidberg: Uch! In public?!
Bender: Ah, biscuits! I'm a father?! How did this happen?!!
Bev: Does this ring a bell?
Bender: Are you tellin' me the stuff we did in private and also twice on the sidewalk made a baby robot? How?!
Amy: Aw, Bender, didn't your mom ever tell you where robot babies come from?
Bender: No. She was a religious fundamentalist. Plus she didn't have a mouth. It's an unusual combination.
Farnsworth: Come on, everyone. Let's take Bender to the teen center to learn about the bots and the bees.
Leela: It's okay, Bender. No one here will laugh at you for not knowing where robot babies come from.
Tinny Tim: We don't know, either.
Farnsworth: [holding a videocasette labelled "ROBOT SEX ED: DIRECTOR'S CUT"] Then prepare to be embarrassed.
Narrator: SEX ED. VOLUME ONE or PANTS FULL of SHAME!
Narrator: Meet Gerald, a maturing young robot.
Spotty Teen Robot: Hey, he looks like me!
Narrator: His hideous appearance is a byproduct of his hardware gearing up for an important mission: reproduction.
Fat-bot: Oh boy oh boy oh boy!
Narrator: Since factories can't manufacture enough robots to meet demand, robots can also reproduce by mating.
Bender: Aw, now you tell me!
Narrator: First, Gerald must find a female robot. The best he can do is Francine.
Narrator: After beer and hot wings at a local gas station, the two enjoy intimate time behind a dumpster. It's all perfectly natural. Let's watch, aroused, as Gerald's antenna uploads a binary file to Francine's internal drive.
Narrator: Manufacturing specs from each parent are then merged by a randomized algorithm and the resulting code guides assembly of a new robot. Yes, everything your body does is perfectly natural.
Narrator: Except masturbation! That's...just...wrong!!!
Bender: Daaaw, I can't believe I made a kid! I'm not ready! There's so much in the world I haven't stolen yet!
Leela: Relax, Bender. No one would let you near a child. Bev will get custody and you'll be a deadbeat dad who never even bothers to know his own son.
Bender: You really think so?
Leela: I know so. You're absolutely horrible in every way.
Bender: You're sweet, Leela.
Bender: Sorry, Bev, but I ain't cut out for fatherhood. [pulls out a document that says "CERTIFICATE of ABANDONMENT" on it] So here's my certificate of abandonment drawn up by our notary.
Scruffy: That'll be ten bucks.
Bender: Now take your kid an' hit the soup line!
Bev: Oh, no, you don't, mister! Damn baby's drivin' me crazy! He won't stop giggling no matter how much I scream at 'im!
Fry: There, there.
Bev: I still got womanly needs! Who's gonna look twice at me with this dirty leash hangin' off my dairy nozzle?
Bender: Well, not me, that's for sure!
Bev: Then it's settled! He's all yours, pappy!
Bender: Hey, wait! You can't le Wha?
Bender: What th?! Ah, can't I have one moment to myself?!!
Bender: Why can't you sleep?
Fry: I left my window open and moths got in.
Bender: I swear if I wasn't such a great dad, I'd grab his ugly little neck and
Bender: Hey, he stopped screamin' for a second.
Fry: Bend some other stuff!
Bender's Son: Bend! Bend!
Bender: He loves bending! Just like me! Aw! I'm gonna call 'im Ben. After the first half of me, Bender! That's my bastard!
Bender: Uh-oh.
Ben: Bend it, daddy! Bend it like it called you poo-poo face!
Bender: It called me what?!? Ooooh! God damn!
Ben: Yay! You bended it like a p'etzel!
Bender: Okay. Now, you.
Ben: I can't do it!
Bender: Eh, buddy. You're learnin'. You'll get there.
Leela: Bender, I was wrong. You're a fine parent and I want to apologi
Bender and Ben: Leela was wrong! Leela was wrong!
Ben: Daddy, how'd you get so good at bending?
Bender: I inherited my arm-control software from my mom. That's how it's passed down. Mother to son.
Ben: But...my mommy had no arms. Does that mean I can never be a bender?
Bender: Well, sure you can. You just need to get a bending card installed.
Farnsworth: I hate to crush a boy's dreams, but... What the heck! He has only one expansion slot and it holds his memory card. This Robot will never bend!
Bender: Don't tell my son what he can an' can't do! You may know what's in his head, but you don't know what's in his heart!
Farnsworth: There's no slot in there either.
Bender: I said "shut up"!
Reverend Preacherbot: Today marks young Ben's thirteenth day of bein' left on contin-yussly! So, b'fo the lawd at this congregation, we upgrade him to manhoodbot! Can I get a "mazl tov"?
Leela, Bender, Hermes, Farnsworth, Amy and Zoidberg: Mazl tov!
Fry: Mazl tov!
Ben: I'd like to thank the Preacherbot for the introduction and also for not circumcising me again. Am I right? Twice was enough. But seriously, today, I'm not just a manbot, I'm the luckiest manbot alive. My mom may have abandoned me, but I have the greatest dad in the whole universe. He's patient, he's not afraid to show his emotions....
Bender: Don't look at me!
Ben: ...and someday, if my dreams come true, I'll be a bender, just like him.
Hermes: You must be so proud of your boy.
Bender: I can take 'im or leave 'im.
Bev: I'm back for my son! I've come to take him and leave with him!
Hermes: She beat you to both things!
Bev: It's okay, son. Mama's here now.
Ben: Daddy, don't let 'er take me!
Bender: Get your lack o' hands off my boy! You're an unfit parent who abandoned her child!
Bev: Oh, yeah? Well, I'm still less unfitter than you!
Bender: Sez hoo?!
Bev: Sez this document you gave me when you tried to abandon Ben first.
Scruffy: It's genuine.
Bender: That doesn't prove I'm an unfit parent! I was drunk and violent when I signed that!
Bev: Well, I'm drunk and violent now! He's comin' with me!
Ben: DADDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!
Bender: SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!
Bender: My boy's gone! All I have left to remember him are these innocent playthings we stole together. Fry, put these someplace safe.
Hermes: That's it, Fry! For a guy who's not too bright, you're too damn bright!
Farnsworth: Now get out!! And don't come back until someone finds a use for a million watt idiot!
Ben: Mom, will I ever get to see Dad again?
Bev: No, he died yesterday. Rust monsters ate his face. Sweet dreams.
Bender: Psst, quit whimperin' or ya don't get kidnapped!
Ben: Dad!
Bender: Come on! Let's run for it!
Ben: What's gonna happen to us now, Dad?
Bender: Well, I reckon we'll just sit around this campfire a while.
Ben: But then what?
Bender: Only a fool plans more than a few centuries ahead, son.
URL: Freeze, camp woodsmen!
Smitty: You're under arrest for kidnapping and burning raccoons without a permit!
Ben: It's over, Dad!
Bender: It ain't over! I can't outrun a hovercopter, but I can outbend it!
Bender: I know, let's outrun it! There's a dam!
Ben: Damn!
Bender: There's a grate!
Ben: Great!
Bender: But I can't bend anything with my arms agonizingly maimed like this!
Ben: Well, maybe I can!
Bender: You can do it, son!
URL: Yeah, this ain't gon' happen.
Bender: Is that even necessary?
Ben: I'm sorry, Daddy.
Bender: You got nothin' to be sorry about.
Leela: He's really a very good father.
URL: Alright. I got her statement. And a straight-up grape soda. Aw, yeah.
Bev: I promise things'll be different, son. From now on, I'm chainin' you to a radiator!
Leela: I'm amazed someone who dispenses such warm soda could be so cold-hearted! I'm gonna buy a drink just so I can throw it in your face! It's another soda baby!
URL: Damn!
Leela: You got knocked up by a police officer while he was looking for your kidnapped child?!
Bev: Sure did! I still got it!
Bender: So now what happens?
Bev: Tell you what, you keep the big one. Long as I got a baby to neglect, I'm happy.
Leela: Should we call child services?
URL: Naw, let's get outta here.
Bender: WOOOOOO-OOOO! WOOO! WOO-HOO-HOO! Woo?
Ben: Sorry, Dad. I'm glad to be back. I'm just kinda bummed I can't bend stuff. All I ever wanted was to go to Bending State, Santa Cruz. But that's never gonna happen.
Bender: Listen, you need somethin' bent, you come to me, huh, champ?
Bender: Dammit! I love that little guy so much! I'd sacrifice any four of you if it would help him bend even a little!
Farnsworth: There is one way! Eh, but, no. It's too horrible!
Bender: Nothing's too horrible for my boy!
Farnsworth: Well, I could install a bending card.
Bender: But you said he only has one slot!
Farnsworth: Correct! I'd have to remove his memory card! He'd be able to bend, but he'd lose all his memories! He wouldn't even remember who you are!
Bender: You sure you wanna be a bender, son?
Ben: More than anything.
Bender: Just remember, your daddy loves you. Remember that, will you, son? Remember that!
Ben: Dad, are you crying?
Bender: "No," I said with the mouth you're lookin' at.
Bender: You sure take after your old man.
Ben: I never knew my father.
Bender: Ooooh, it's not important. What is important is that we get you to Bending State Santa Cruz in time for registration!
Zoidberg: Then we better hurry! Registration ends in one hour!
Bender: To the ship!
Leela: It's too foggy! We can't navigate through this storm! Our lights aren't bright enough.
Bender: I'm sorry I let you down, son.
Ben: Who are you again?
Bender: It's just not possible to get you to bending school this year.
Fry: Or is there?!
Fry: Merry College Registration Day, everyone!